Tom Carter
Tues Oct 14 2014

	I have moved uptown to Independence Square because there is nowhere else to go. I no longer have my tent, and there is no legitimate place to set it up in any more. I have been living there for a week now. I sleep on a bench. Hearsay is that if you ask a police officer where you can sleep, they will tell you “one of the benches.” But apparently there is a movement to remove all or most of the benches uptown. 

So where will I sleep then? If the answer is the concrete, then that would be a good thing because then I can actually lie down. As it is, you are required to sit up. Plus, they leave the “arm rest” in the middle, which I consider pure evil, the obvious purpose being to prevent lying down. Sitting up produces a lot of back pain for me personally.

I came up with a knock-knock joke which goes like this:

“Knock-knock”
“Who’s there?”
“Good News!”
“Good News who?”
“Get a job!”

	The point being: the message ad nauseum is to give one’s life to Christ (apparently freedom of religion is foregone if you are homeless) and to get back to work.
	
	There was a time I didn’t believe in unemployment. I believed in working hard. Now, I am glad to get my EBT. I feel I have accomplished a moral victory by using them for food (I am not perfect on this count, but over 90% go to their intended, non-fraudulent purpose). 

	People say you go to do what you got to do, but I feel like I don’t have to do anything. I was a good worker at one time, but I have some peculiar social anxiety issues and attention deficit issues that make it difficult for me. A friend told me God isnt a genie in a bottle that you rub when you decide you want him there. Why do I have to pretend to get a job? They don’t want honest people? I’m 43, I’m not so naive any more. They want you to be comfortable to work with. At one of my last jobs, they asked me why I didn’t smile more. Can’t perform customer service with a big frown! I understand toughing things out, fighting, etc. But life isn’t the survival of the fittest. This isn’t the marines. Where is the freedom in having to do what somebody tells you to for 40 hours a week? They can at least be halfway polite about it. No need to talk to me like a dog. Nevermind anything like sharing the profits. If you work at my pizza shop, you get a percentage of all profits, even if only a token amount. That’s what I’d like to do someday, own that shop.

	Nobody produced the earth, the terra ferma--how can you make it illegal to lie down and sleep? I understand there are many conveniences I may take for granted, but I’m hardly trying to tear down or destroy what our society has built. Homeless people being allowed to legally lie horizontally in a public place poses a big threat? I don’t know who runs this city, but I know they’re trying to build a world-class city. But what about a God-class city? Must one be robbed to deserve room at the inn?
