10 Dreams Ruth

Two more weeks and I will start work at the Farmer’s Market as a salesperson.  They will be training me and giving me a schedule Monday-Friday.  I am so excited.   The person who hired me is very nice lady.  She is looking forward to training me.  And my daughter, she will be coming visit me November 8-11.  I am so excited; I cannot wait to see her.  I’m really happy and looking forward to seeing her. I have not seen her for 23 years.
 
My dream is to become a respiratory technician in the hospital to save people’s lives.  It seems impossible but that’s my dream since I was a young child.  I never did study at school well.  I skipped school and did not show up for classes and did not work enough for the homework many years ago.  I filed a lawsuit against my family; my Mom died of a broken heart.  I guess I am trying to make up what I did to my Mom and family member lives.  Try to make life something better.  Try to realize what I have done is so wrong.  If I reach out to other people and save their life by being a respiratory technician maybe I will feel much better.
 
My dream also includes that I have a small room and to share a kitchen and bathroom.  Find a nice place to live quiet and productive life.  Maybe I can have some birds, dogs, and cats as my pets.  My mental state is not well enough to take care of animals right now because of diabetes and depression.  In the past I did own two domestic cats.  Puppies, cats, and birds; they are all precious in my sight.
 
My dream after that is to get my finances stable.  I hope I can own a small Chrysler car and drive around town.  I would be able to go anywhere I want to go.  Be able to have a car and drive to work again instead of catch the bus.  Bus is not on time most of time; it is delayed most time.  Delay my time for appointment.  It will be nice if I can be self-sufficient to help myself again, not to be risk-driven again.
 
My diseases make me sad; my depression and diabetes, and my physical and mental health make me sad.  They are at a stable condition, but my emotional state right now makes me sad.  Sometimes life has ups and downs.  Sometimes I have good days and sometimes I have bad days.  I try to think more positive most times.  Try not to think too much.  Do the best I can.
 
 


