Joe
	I grew up a basketball player. Growing up in high school was a thrill for me, just being able to associate with some my high school buddies. I learned a lot of gifted things that I still use today. In high school, I had the opportunity to be on the high school basketball team. I never was a starting player; usually I was the last player to get in the game, but it was a lot of fun. 
After I left prison in the late eighties, I was sent back to my hometown in Reidsville, N.C. I left the penitentiary without a dime in my pocket. I was on the streets, free, but broke as a jaybird without wings and nowhere to stay. People I knew, like my family, didn’t want anything to do with me. So here I was, homeless and broke.
 I grew up in the streets, so I knew where everybody would be. I started out at the usual place, uptown, because uptown was the only place I knew to be. I met up with some of the same friends I used to hang with. A good friend took me in after a while, but I knew I couldn’t hang with the people he associated with. I was older. It didn’t take long for me to see that this wouldn’t work.
I went on a binge of drinking and drugs every day--same old thing, drinking and drugs. I finally met my destination after going to jail a couple more times. After being locked up for drugs and disruptive behavior, I was sent to see a psychiatrist who sent me to see a mental health specialist so I could get help for my alcohol and drug problem. This was in the middle and late nineties. 
After a few more times seeing the drug counselor, I was told I had a very bad alcohol problem. He finally found a place in Gastonia, N.C. where I could go and get help with my problem. I stayed at a church in Gastonia, which was partly used for alcoholics to stay and try to get sober. I went through all the reasons for me becoming an alcoholic and couldn’t get a better reason other than myself. I stayed in that church a couple more years going to AA and NA meetings three times a week. I worked in Gastonia for awhile as a production worker on the assembly line. I worked for about a year and a half at a tool company. 
After coming to McCreesh, I finally have a place I can call home. Being here has given me great hope to live again. 
