

Q. What was the reason you become a freelance documentary filmmaker?


A. I trained and worked as a professional actor for several years and then realized that I really wanted to learn more about documentaries and being the other side of the camera.  I've found that there are a lot of transferable skills, and essentially, they're both forms of storytelling.


Q. What made homelessness a target issue for filmmaking?

	•	I’ve always been interested in observing people and how we interact and gradually make sense of the world.  I strongly feel that films have the power to change attitudes and challenge our way of thinking as well as stir all kinds of emotion.  I started to hear about people living in their cars and yet still going to their job, not telling colleagues, friends or family.  That fascinates me, and while I didn't end up filming with anyone in this situation, it was a way in, to explore the changing face of homelessness, away from the stereotype that many people have.  The truth is, it really can happen to anyone now.

Q. What does homelessness mean to you, and do you think that the film "Something You Can Call Home" will inspire viewers or at least have them become more aware of homelessness?

A. I started working on the project over two years ago (along with my associate producer Phil Parker who's been brilliant throughout!) and this journey has been truly humbling.  I made the decision back then to vacate my London apartment in order to fund the project, and while I've had a tiny glimpse of what that instability feels like, I'm hugely fortunate that I've got friends and family (both in the UK and NC), who I can stay with. Through getting to know the people featured in the film, and keeping up with their progress since, as well as speaking with many non profits across the state, I've also seen how complex homelessness can be.  I hope that the film can be used to help enable this important conversation and bring it 'home' to people how it's really not an 'us and them' situation, that it's potentially happening to people in our community all around us.


Q. Why was North Carolina the location for the documentary for homelessness?

	•	I would add that while the film's central theme concerns homelessness, there are several other issues that naturally come up, and to me the film is very much about acceptance and community spirit.







I have family in NC, and at the time I was interested in speaking with people living in their cars, which I knew was happening more in the US than the UK, so thought I would start in NC where I had a base and access to local knowledge.  An incredible opportunity then came up when I was asked to be one of the founding members of the residency program at Cucalorus Film Festival in Wilmington who provide in-kind support for artists and filmmakers as they work on their project.  What struck me was the kind of invisible side to Wilmington, as with any city, if you look past what the tourists experience.  It has a lot of resources there and non profits doing fantastic work, but there's still a way to go nationally and internationally.


Q. Do you think that creating this film and working with different people who are affected by homelessness changed you in any way?

A. Absolutely!  I don't think I'll ever see things quite the same, and day to day, am grateful every time I have somewhere to sleep, have a shower, wash my clothes, and eat.  It's more than that though.  The practical things are very important, of course, for survival, but it's more than that.  Being homeless can be an incredibly lonely and frightening experience, and people need real support to help get themselves out of their current situation. And even then, they need to not just be handed the keys to an apartment, but need ongoing support and friendship, especially if someone's been homeless or unemployed for a long time and has lost a lot of people around them.  I'd encourage people to consider striking up a conversation with someone on the street or with someone  they suspect is at risk of becoming homeless. They should treat that person with humanity and dignity, and just see if they can brighten their day a little- You may be surprised what you also get out of that moment.


