Shirts for Sale
by  Stephanie McGinley and Tyrone Chisholm

S: About a year ago, I was homeless in Charlotte, NC. I would walk uptown every day and go to work at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Tryon. There is a huge patio outside of Wells Fargo that provides cover from sun and rain. It is the perfect office for a homeless shirt designer with a big dream and a passion for cutting shirts. I would work on them in the day and walk around uptown at night with them on hangers. My husband, Tyrone, and I would sell them until we had enough money to get more shirts, and maybe a bite to eat. Then back "home" to the tent. 

T: I saw this crazy girl around the “trap” spot with her cut up shirt and big 'ol backpacks, and I didn't know what to think. Then all of the sudden, and I do mean all of the sudden, God told me to marry this chick and that I best not leave her. So, ok. Thanks God! I started to see that she loved cutting her shirts. I didn't understand what the big deal was. It was weird to me at first, but I began to realize that women actually like that kind of stuff! It changed over the years from, "Hey, I like your shirt," to "Can you make me one?" People love the fact that she does it herself. She has always had the idea for a business, but now she wanted me involved. I was like, “Ok. Whatever. I'll ride.” We didn't even start selling shirts until the time came in our lives when we would use them to survive. We learned a lot about how people valued those shirts and her talent. I mean she would say "Pick your price" and they would give her $20 or more for one shirt! That was cool, but to this day, I still think it's weird! God is good though. 

S: I was arrested in Locust on August of last year. I was released from jail in October 2013, and my husband had a job in Albemarle, NC. God had given me a new beginning. I started cutting shirts right away. Then I started going into shops and talked to shop owners. We were walking to the shelter one night and this shop was open that is usually closed. So, I went in and the owner said yes! I left him with the shirts that I had in stock, and the next morning we were riding to uptown Albemarle to go to a coffee shop called Glory Beans. We go every morning for coffee, worship music, fellowship, and friends. Anyway, we were almost passed the shop when I saw it--my white, "Cross Cut" shirt right there in the window! I got so excited, I was screaming, "It is in the window! In the window!" over and over again. It was a dream come true. 

As I said, this shop was almost always closed. Their hours were sporadic and always closed on the weekends. So, after a while, I decided to pull my shirts out of this shop and look for a different one. I started working in the basement of the library. It was a coat closet outside of a conference room that had a huge round table and chairs inside it. I would cut and design them, and I had my husband doing the weave work so I could make more shirts. This girl came in and saw what we were doing and started to tell me about a guy named Mr. Williams who owns AW Enterprise in Albemarle. She also told me that he would help me out, give me an office, and buy shirts for his store. I went to talk to him, and the next day we had a place to live, an office, a buyer for as many shirts as we could produce, and a shop to sell my shirts. 

T: She would pray for a store, and we would go store shopping. There were a lot of no's. I felt bad for her, and despite my own thoughts on the whole thing, I remained positive with her. I kept focused on calling what was not as though it is. Hey, I hated for her to ask all these people to let her put some shirts in their store because they just said no anyway. But a closed mouth don't get fed. She believed God gave her this talent for a reason, and He was going to give her a store. I mean, she used the shirt cutting as a witnessing tool. It was her bait for fishing men for Christ. I held on to her faith in the shirts, and time after time, I was amazed at how well they did. Lo and behold, one day someone said, "Yes!" That night was loud with our excitement.

S: Now you can go online and check out my personal profile on Facebook under "Stephanie McGinley” or my business page "Creation Klothing," and send me a friend request. Then you can check out the pictures. You can also call your orders into me personally at 480-294-9190 or talk to me through that site. I will have a web page up soon. Stay in touch!
