Don’t Give Up
by Michal Smith

After fighting what I thought was a losing battle with drugs, hopelessness and homelessness, My Heavenly Father answered one of my prayers and took the taste of crack cocaine from my mouth. Family and friends saw that I was trying to do something different and reached out their hands to help me.
	After that, I had gainful employment doing building maintenance and housekeeping for Bank of America. Talk about a come on for an ex-crackhead. I had a stable place to live,and  at the time, life was good. I remember feeling like I was a productive part of society. An unbelievable opportunity came my way to work and live on the largest passenger train in the world with the famous Barnum and Bailey Circus. I was divorced, and my child was grown and on her own. Hey, why not?
	Those were the best three years of my life. The circus trained me as a brake and airline mechanic and I travelled all over the U.S.
	Three years ago, we were in Austin, TX, and I left the train on my bicycle to go to the store when I was struck by an SUV. The person didn’t even stop. The one witness called for help. When the ambulance got there, they had to revive me three times. 
I suffered a traumatic brain injury and dozens of broken bones. 
I spent six months in the hospital. After coming home to heal, I was anxious to get back to work. I tried, but was not physically able to. My job covered my doctor bills, but back at home, I had no way to support myself. I’m been afraid that I would find myself homeless again. Over the last three years I’ve had about ten surgeries and and fell into a deep depression. A lawyer started a disability case for me but it didn’t seem to be going anywhere.
	I started attending a church, New Life Trinity, within walking distance from my house. It was there that I really learned the power of prayer. I was told that God didn’t bring me through all of that to let me fall on my face. 
I was in the hospital and had my gallbladder removed. I got a call from my lawyer telling me that my case concerning the accident was denied. In a not-so-nice-way I told him exactly where I was: having surgery as a result of the accident! So they filed an appeal. 
When my appeal date came, I got the times mixed up and that morning when I didn’t show up they called me and said the judge was going to drop it because I wasn’t there. I was frantic. I called my lawyer that I was on the way. I got onto the light rail train but almost immediately it started slowing down. What was happening?! The conductor announced that there was another train broken down up ahead, and there was going to to be a delay. I couldn’t believe my bad luck.
But then I thought about all the work and prayers I’d put in, and the others who prayed with and for me. At that moment my lawyer called and said, “You don’t have to come. The judge is going to award it to you!”
Now that’s God showing up and out! Just don’t give up.
