 REFLECTIONS OF WINTER

	They asked us to write about last winter, the beast at the door that won’t go away. The winter that had wind chills that bit down to the bone and made blood freeze in our veins. Cold even when inside, longing for spring. But this made me think of other winters, as I’m in the winter of my life, having seen many ever-changing seasons.

	I thought about the winters, of the spring of my life, when I was a child filled with the wonders of the changing seasons. The wonders of the first snowfall changing the world into a marshmallow landscape, blanketing the ground in a goose down covering of white. Snowball fights, sledding, and an army of snowmen guarding a fort of snow, hours spent in the cold followed by hot chocolate and the ever-changing seasons.

	Thoughts of the winters, of the summers of my life, the beginning of working and building a family of my own, moving onward into adulthood. Removing snow and ice and seeing winter with disdain instead of wonder. Losing time that could have been spent with my children as they grew way too fast, and yet still I removed the snow and ice. In spite of that, there was still time for snowball fights, snow angels, and snowmen and the ever-changing seasons.

	Thoughts of the winters, of the fall of my life, the children having started their own journeys into their own seasons. The halls echo the silence with a challenging roar; the home is just a house and nothing more. Time for me and my soul mate to get to know one another again, not knowing that this house that we called home would soon be gone--leaving us adrift, lost to time and the ever-changing seasons.

	Now we come to the winters, of the winter of my life. The cold seems colder and the days grow shorter each day, the nights longer and longer each year. All that is left is memories and dreams, some sweet and some bitter, but still all mine, something that no one can take from me. Growing closer to the long winter and the long sleep, for when this winter comes, and we all must face this winter, we begin to dwell upon what comes next, hoping that the ever-changing seasons bring a new spring.



Randy Parcher
