Not Home for the Holidays

Christmas...a holiday that I have loved so much ever since I can remember. My mother always loved Christmas and made each one beautiful and memorable. As an adult, I did the same for my family—a feast with all of the trimmings. All the relatives and friends were there, lavish gifts and, best of all, Midnight Mass with red and white poinsettias and candlelight glowing against stained glass windows.

	Celebrating Christmas became horribly painful and a chore once I had to spend a few with a loved one with an addiction. Sometimes he was homeless and other times incarcerated. Suddenly, there was no Christmas tree, decorations, holiday meal, chocolate, oranges,nuts, gifts or even a sprig of mistletoe at my home during those heartbreaking times. I wouldn’t allow it. It was so horribly depressing to me that I just couldn’t do it.
 
I’m unable to go into places that sell Christmas gifts...I see the gifts knowing that I can’t give him one, because as a parent, I cannot enable him any longer. I avoid stores like the plague and give money for Christmas to my daughter and her family or jewelry because there aren’t many decorations in jewelry stores.

Of course, I had to go spend Christmas Eve with relatives...so glad to be with them, yet trying so hard not to burst into tears and let them see the pain inside and possibly ruin their Christmas too. A flurry of fake smiles, picking at the food. How can I eat knowing that my loved one is out there with nothing. Worrying endlessly: Is he ok? Is he sad? Is he alone? A little angry because, if he was only clean, I could let him stay with me. Begging God to please take from him the disease of addiction so I can have him with me and pamper him at Christmas. Finally, leaving the relatives...my daughter and her family...my beautiful grandchildren...and going home to my bedroom sobbing...tears and snot all over my pillowcase.

Finally, I can breathe again by the New Year, vowing to myself and him that next Christmas will be perfect. Later in the year, I realize that it is not my promise to make for I have no control over any of it. I can at least dare to have hope again. Maybe, just maybe, it will be better next year.

I am not alone. Many people suffer with this dilemma during the holidays. This year, however, I am one of the few lucky parents who has a child who struggled with addiction and homelessness--because he has finally beaten it, which is rare. He says that God took away the addiction. I am so grateful and thankful. This year will be one to remember! Thank God.

By C. J. Haney

