Becoming

When I became “houseless,” I was sad, angry, confused and most importantly, I felt alone. I was working as a pedicab driver, giving tours of my awesome town to tourists and locals, as well as shuttling patrons from point to point in the uptown area. Before my roommate asked me to move out of his house, I also worked at Outback Steakhouse. It was all rather abrupt and somewhat without warning. 
I knew at the time it was possible for me to remain anonymous and to regain my life with a sacrifice of silence. To keep quiet in my own silent, lonely pain. But even before I became “houseless,” I had many problems with the treatment of the underserved in Charlotte. To me, it is simply unfair for us to allow others to remain impoverished; it is to their detriment and to our own. When I see “the homeless” hanging out on park benches and simply vagrantly existing in the heart of my city, it’s embarrassing, disconcerting and annoying. I felt this way before I became homeless.  
Often when I would pedicab drive, I would give five to ten dollars of my money to those who panhandled all weekend long. Usually, I found that giving my money that I earned pedalling my legs lifted my spirits and also gave me some financial karma that carried over into my business. I quickly made friends with some of the homeless because of this. 
Because of my feelings of “civic duty,” I decided to use my own experience as a way to offer the community an opportunity to help themselves by helping me out. Instead of hiding myself away in an abandoned part of town, unseen by the people who I felt were my peers, I placed myself in one of the most visible portions of the Myers Park area, at the corner of Providence and Queens, on a park bench underneath a shelter owned by the Myers Park United Methodist Church. It was my hope that the more philanthropic members of the Myers Park community would see me on the bench and question me about my presence there. I desperately wanted to be properly placed in our society. I desperately wanted to be cared for. I desperately wanted to not feel so alone. Unfortunately, this is not what occurred.  
I was ignored. In the morning, I would wake up, and the local “coalition” of mother joggers would run by, discussing their own daily events with themselves as I’d hear the “whoosh” of cyclists riding by on their morning workout session. As they noticed me on the bench and I attempted to maintain an appearance of actual sleep, their volume actually increased, almost as if to indicate, “We are trying super hard to appear as though we don’t notice you on that bench, so we’ll get louder!” 
I never felt more alone than on those mornings. Often times, I consider how so much in my life might have been much easier if someone had just taken that opportunity to say “Hello! You don’t belong here! Allow me to help.” I have a lot of positivity in my life now, positivity that I am quite grateful for, yet I will never forget those lonely nights in Myers Park when I waited for someone, anyone, to simply drop by and say, “Hey!”
