

When the stores opened, my Momma took me to Kmart and bought me a dress. I always got the dresses Madison didn’t fit into anymore, but this time I was getting a brand new one of my very own. I took a long time to pick out my new dress. There were so many pretty ones at the store, and I didn’t want to pick the wrong one.
Momma started to get mad at me because I was taking too long. I finally decided I wanted the red t-shirt dress with the little baby bugs on the collar. Momma bought me new white tights and shiny black shoes to go with it.
We drove home, and I held the bag with my new clothes in it. I was thinking, everybody thinks Mady is prettier than me, but that’s just because she gets all the new dresses. Wait till they see mine! Momma said I had to go to the doctor’s today and she wants me to wear my new dress. I can’t wait to put it on.
Daddy was mean when we got home. He got mad at Momma for wasting money on me. Now I felt bad about my new clothes. I thought that he might make Momma take them back to the store, but he didn’t.
It was almost time for my doctor’s appointment and I put on my new dress. I looked at myself in the mirror at the top of the dresser. I sort of looked pretty. Momma had bleached my hair the night before and put it in curlers. It is all blond now, but too curly. I brushed it and put in a barrette.
We got in the car and Momma seemed like she was mad at me. I bet it was because she had wasted money on my new dress and Daddy was mad at her. “Why does Daddy hate me?” I asked Momma when we were in the car. “Nevaeh, he doesn’t really hate you,” she told me gently. “Besides, I have always loved you the best, because of your big brown eyes.” I felt happy and sad at the same time. I didn’t want Noah and Mady to know that Momma loved me best, but it made me happy that she did.
We drove into a parking lot in front of a building that said “Child and Family Services” on the door. Daddy’s truck was already parked there. I was confused because I thought we were going to the doctor’s, and Daddy never goes to the doctor’s office with Mommy and me.
Momma got out of the car, and Daddy walked up to us. Momma was still mad and so was Daddy. I wanted them both to be happy, so I sang a song we learned at school as we walked to the building. My music teacher at school says I have a pretty voice and I thought it would cheer everybody up to hear me sing. 
“Shut up, Nevaeh,” Daddy told me. He opened the door and we walked in. There was a waiting room just like at my other doctor’s office. I wondered if I got a new doctor because they found out about the bad thing that Daddy does to me. I was scared. I didn’t want to get into trouble. Momma went to the desk and whispered to the lady. She looked around the corner and smiled at me. She had bad teeth.
The chairs in the waiting room were made of hard blue plastic. Momma told me to wait in them while she and Daddy went to talk to the doctor. I hoped the doctor wouldn’t get mad at Daddy for the bad thing he does to me. It is my fault anyway. I kind of let him do the bad thing so he won’t hate me so much and maybe he will even love me.
Momma and Daddy went back into an office with a lady who looked nice. She smiled, said hello to me, and said my name the right way. Nobody knows how to say my name if they don’t know me and just read it on a paper or something. “It’s Nuh-vey-uh,” I tell them after they say it wrong a couple of times. My new dress is really pretty. I’m glad Daddy didn’t make Momma take it back to the store.
I sat in the waiting room and prayed that Daddy wouldn’t get into trouble, but they were in the doctor’s office for a long time, and I got scared. I swung my legs under the blue plastic chair because it had a high seat and my feet didn’t touch the floor. After a long time, Daddy came through the door. He still looked mad. I was afraid he was going to whip me, but he just walked out to his truck and left.
Momma came out a few minutes later with the lady that I hoped was my doctor, and she went out the door too. I got up to go with her, but the lady stopped me. “Hello, Nevaeh. Can I talk to you for a minute,” she asked me in a baby voice. I wanted to be nice and to see my new doctor, but I guess Momma and Daddy forgot for her to see me, and now it was time to go.
“My mom’s leaving,” I told the lady. 
“Sweetie,” she said, “that’s what I want to talk to you about. You are going to stay here with me.”
“Why?” I knew something was wrong, because Momma had started the car and was starting to leave. I had to hurry or she might forget she brought me to the doctor’s at all.
“Nevaeh, honey, you are going to stay here with me and I am going to take you to a new home to live at.”
“I want to go home with my mom,” I told her. Now I was really scared. Momma was starting to drive away. I pulled my arm away from the doctor and ran outside after her. “Momma, wait.” I yelled.
I tried to catch her, but she pulled out onto the road before I could. The lady caught me and held me from behind so I could not get away. I kicked my legs and screamed. “Please! Please let me go! I’ll be a good girl! Promise! I promise! Please I want to go home with my Momma! Please! I’ll be good, I promise. Please! I don’t want a new home to live at! Please! I want to go home with my mother! Please! I want Mady and Noah! PLEASE! MOMMA! PLEASE!”
I got away from the lady and ran out onto the road, but  Momma’s car was already gone. “MOMMA! MOMMA! MOMMA!” I screamed over and over as loud as I could. I was crying so hard I fell in the grass. I got my new dress dirty, but it didn’t matter anymore. My Momma was gone, and the lady said she was not coming back. Momma didn’t even tell me goodbye.
	

