Homeless for Christmas

 	It was a cold, heavy wet snow, a miserable time to have nowhere to be, feet wet
and cold with no way to keep them dry or put dry socks on. It was too cold to even sleep in our vehicle. My soul mate was not feeling well. He was having signs of a heart attack. He had surgery. We really needed a warm place to be or the doctor would not release him from the hospital. They knew we were homeless at the time. We slept one night in the van after he got out and it was too cold for him. I finally found help in getting us out of the cold, I had talked to an outreach person and a pastor from a church to help us get a room for two weeks for Christmas. We were very grateful for this time being out of the wet and cold, trying to keep from getting sick. It was a real treat for us to be able to sleep in a warm bed, to watch television, and a few Christmas movies like White Christmas.
This was before we found out about Safe Harbor. Christmas was better; I was happier to have my soul mate with me considering how it could have been cold and lonely without him, his funny sense of humor to keep a smile on my face through the hard times. He is my shining armor. He keeps me happy and feeling loved when I start feeling like there is no hope left in getting out of the cold.
	 Once as I was sitting in the warmth, I started remembering how Christmas was when I was a child. The house was fully decorated, stockings by the fireplace waiting for Santa to come, finding it hard to sleep, up at the crack of dawn waiting for my parents to get out of bed, finding which presents were mine without moving them. How the house smelled of fresh baked sugar cookies, cooling, waiting for us to decorate them, fresh baked pies, homemade peanut brittle, and other candy treats my parents had made. The family and relatives getting together, telling stories about how it was when they were growing up and how they enjoyed the toys they received for Christmas when they were children.
	 All of these wonderful memories put warmth and happiness back in me for the spirit of Christmas. In my heart that gives me my holiday smile and love once more. The toys were so much different back when my parents were children. Toys made of wood and my father showed me his one special toy--it was a metal goose that he had to wind up and its head would move up and down. I was so fascinated to learn more about their childhood. This is how my Christmas spirit stays warm instead of the cold lonely feelings of being homeless for Christmas.

Laurie Koelsch
