Interview with Ruth


SU: Where are you from originally?

Ruth: I was born in Taipei, Taiwan, and moved to America in 1982.

SU: Where are you living now?

Ruth: I am currently living in a room in a house by East Charlotte.

SU: What person has meant the most to you in your life?

Ruth: Matt and Lana Shaw have meant the most to me. 

SU: How did you learn about Speak Up?

Ruth: I learned about the organization in a rehabilitation center. Matt came in to recruit people and promote the magazine.

SU: What’s the most positive experience that has happened while selling Speak Up?

Ruth: The most positive experience is connecting with people.

SU: Do you remember your first sale?

Ruth: My first sale was at the CPCC campus three years ago. 

SU: Do you have regular customers?

Ruth: Yes I do. I have customers from the first to fourth issues of the magazine. 

SU: Are you dealing with any personal hardships right now?

Ruth: Just moving into my new place right now.

SU: Where’s your favorite place to eat and hang out in Charlotte?

Ruth: Akahana, which is a Japanese restaurant, and I love their udon and tempura. They are located around Midwood Plaza at the shopping center. 

SU: What’s the hardest part about life right now?

Ruth: My hardest part right now is adjusting to my new living situation and a new environment.

SU: How do you like to give back to the community and others in need?

Ruth: Volunteering at Speak Up Magazine.

SU: Do you have a car?

Ruth: No, I ride the bus.

SU: Since you don’t have a car, does that make things more difficult?

Ruth: It doesn’t really make things difficult because I catch the bus and the light rail.

SU: Tell me about your family.

Ruth: My parents both passed away, and my sisters are very supportive of me. 

SU: What’s a recent accomplishment you’ve made?

Ruth: My recent accomplishment is moving to a new place.

SU: During this time of transition and instability, what gives you comfort?

Ruth: Coming to Speak Up, because I feel very accepted being a part of this organization.

SU: Where do you see yourself in five years?

Ruth: I am a very successful business woman, and I can accomplish a lot of things. I want to volunteer and help people who are less fortunate than me.


By Liana Harvey
October 22, 2014
 
