The Current 
Sharon says we can change the title if we wish to. Not sure if that means she’s not satisfied with the title.

     Homelessness is not a static thing. Many people with experiences of homelessness (either in terms of physical shelter or otherwise) are passing through or have passed through it. Homelessness has touched my life in numerous ways including having stayed in a homeless shelter for about five weeks. I was grateful for that temporary housing and the tools they made available to me such as an address, phone number and office supplies when applying for jobs. Still, it was an experience I hope I do not have to repeat. It was the kindness of others that made all the difference. Even simple things like a job recommendation or character reference.
     Think of your economic situations over the span of your lifetime. Have you ever sunk close to or below the poverty line? Have you ever been at risk of losing your apartment or known anyone who has lost their home to foreclosure? Have you ever stayed with friends or family while in transition—or do you know someone who has lost their family? Do you believe that these situations define a person or make them any less a part of the local community?
     Consider these questions for yourself and those around you. As the cost of food, fuel, housing and health care continue to rise and wages fail to keep pace, how might we prevent more people from falling into housing-vulnerable situations? Is there something you can do, even just the slightest kindness, to help lift someone out of a housing-vulnerable situation or ease their suffering—as someone may have done for you when you were in transition? What about the young people around you? Homelessness is not age-specific and is often triggered simply by the loss of a job. Might we begin by taking a moment to observe the current of homelessness tangent to our own lives?

-sa  11/25/14 Written by Sharon Angel. I’ve sent her an email to confirm that we can print her full name.

