My Story
by Aleasha Reese

After realizing that I actually did not have a place to call my own, I felt that God had abandoned me. I couldn’t hear from Him. He left me to fend for myself. I found myself asking, “What have I done to deserve this, God?” My first shelter was at church; they did have a sanctuary where I would go often to be alone and commune with God. I would pray, cry, and read my Bible. This was the only place where I could find my solace. The sleeping area was one big dorm with 50 bunk beds. When you first walk in, it looks like a giant adult nursery for old people. 

I was bed number 51.

I will never forget when I petitioned God to show himself strong to me. I needed confirmation that my situation was not caused by anything that I did wrong, but that Satan went to you [God] and he asked if I would curse you to your face. And your reply was “Have you considered my beauty, brown-eyed servant, Aleasha?” You can touch her wallet, her emotions, and her possessions, but not her life.”

Then God went silent! Like the saying goes, “The teacher is always quiet during the test.” And that He was. I cried and tried to keep depression at bay, but the journey was still growing weary. I asked him to show me something supernaturally since He didn’t speak to me. I didn’t hear His voice nor feel His hand or His presence. 

I was sitting at the light on the corner of Beatties Ford Rd and I-85. I always have my camera with me. A cloud started forming the word “Hi” as I was sitting at the light! As I was reaching for my camera, the cloud started to slowly dissipate. God said Hi in His own way! He’s the same God that led the children of Israel in the wilderness with a pillar of fire by night and cloud by day.

On my way from Speak Up where I just had my initial interview, I stopped at the United House of Prayer’s restaurant. I saw Pastor Roger and Connie Green. This was the first time I had been there. I started NOT to go, and I was torn if I should keep going. I finally relented.

I saw them, and we chatted a little. They asked, “How are you doing?” Me being me, I answered, “Besides being homeless, I’m fine.” Then they said I could use their apartment they built for their two sons! The youngest son had moved out two years ago. It’s a detached garage with one bedroom and its FREE until I can get some steady income. It’s in a gated community; my neighbors are Rocky and Bull Winkle, Smokey the Bear, Bambi and her mom and dad, and the wise old owl. Who knew that God had nudged me on into a place where I started not to go? I would have missed my blessing.

So, what happened yesterday? I officially moved into my own apartment! It’s been a LONG journey, and I didn’t know when or where my new address would come. I left My Sister’s House [a transitional living center]. NO MORE hearing five different ladies snoring like cows, mules, and lions. Oh my!

Praise God! However, I do hear an owl at my new place. I bought $19 worth of groceries with my food stamp card. It felt so good to know that I have a clean refrigerator to put MY FOOD into and not a crate. I can access my food anytime I want and don’t have to put my name on a list to get it. The owner also put a new door on for me, and I don’t have to worry about creepy crawlies coming through the door.

So, what happened yesterday? I was raising my hands up to God, and I was thanking Him that this journey is almost over. 

