Bag of Stones

Hi. My name is Renee and I am a person experiencing homelessness.  I have spent months outside.  Just me and a fleece hoodie.  It was nice during the days, but still dropping to high 30’s at night.  At the present moment, I am at the local homeless shelter, trying to get my life back on track.
When I was a youth, my home environment was quite dysfunctional.  I used poetry as a means of coping. Most of my poetry, understandably, was somewhat morbid. I had a large collection of poetry. This was lost years ago, at the beginning of my homelessness.  I am now 50 years of age.  Most of my poetry was written between the ages of 10 – 16, hence the content of most of it is lost to me.   One poem, however, has stuck with me throughout the years, perhaps due its simplicity:
I lay my bones                                                                                                                                                                   Upon this stone                                                                                                                                                                        On which I lay                                                                                                                                                                                  Without some hay                                                                                                                                                                              On which I live                                                                                                                                                                    Of which it gives                                                                                                                                                               No life                                                                                                                                                                                  But one (life).
As a person experiencing homelessness I have slept on rocks, in stones, on dirt, sand, grass, and concrete.  As I reflect upon this poem today, I find it ironic that it was written at the age of 13. It seems prophetic.  This poem seems to bespeak of homelessness.
Homeless is synonymous with hopelessness  for many of us, not all, but certainly it is for me.  Still, there are those who tell me there is always hope. There are those who still believe in me, despite my defects. My namesake,” Renee”, means “Reborn” in the French language. And true to my namesake, each time I have fallen (and there have been more than I can count) I have managed to pick myself up, dust myself off, and bounce back.  Because of this, I’ve been   called “Tigger”.  Frequently, I have  done this solo, but there have also been times I have done this with the aid of community agencies.
I now wear a Petoskey stone around my neck.  It was given to me by a friend. It has become my “worry stone.”
Stones and rocks have been here since the beginning of time.  Human’s existence  has  been much more limited. Perhaps we should heed the wisdom of the stones, and learn to appreciate our time on this planet earth, despite our circumstances.
Renee Rop, 8/11/14; revised 8/28/14
