FEAR

	A friend asked me if I was afraid living on the streets and left me pondering being fearful.  I believe in the goodness of others and myself and so do not fear the streets or the people on them. This does not mean that I’m not leery, cautious, or watchful of those around me.  But, to me, to live in fear of the unknown is a waste of time and energy.
	Sometimes we see that those who are fearful can be the most dangerous when they gain power.  Seeing the strengths as well as the weaknesses, they fasten only on the weakness fearing those who have no or little power.  They use forceful rejection to remove inconvenient knowledge, without the conscious acknowledgment and acceptance of our kinship.  We use others’ weakness as a way to feel better about ourselves and our lives, refusing others’ values that they, as human beings, deserve. Contempt is the opposite of respect. What a waste we have, when we lose that sense of excitement about who another person is and how he or she goes about their lives.
	Often, we, as humans, spend our lives in mazes built of anxiety, and a fear of things unfamiliar.  We need that our lives be better than someone else’s to fulfill our needs, fearing that our lives are not as good as everyone else’s.  Should we escape, we will look for a new maze, and, failing to find one, we will require another one even if we must fashion one.
	I hear the voices of history asking where have our heroes gone - the ones that made a difference speaking out with boldness and a lack of fear, changing society.  What can one voice accomplish if no one speaks out, letting fear take away our humanity? Where are the poets, artists, and writers that find ways to enrich the human experience by giving truths that many find to be inconvenient knowledge(we are all the same).  Where have the voices crying in the darkness, lighting the way to a brighter tomorrow gone? Where is that lion’s voice speaking not in fear, but with compassion, knowledge, truth, and an ethical rightness, speaking not for fame, greed, or glory, but because it is the right thing to do, and the right time.

Randy Parcher
