Fear: A Second Perspective Connie Haney
 For the first 42 years of my life I was a person “with a home.”  Then at age 43 I became a person  “without a home,” due  to circumstances beyond my control.  I had a complete nervous breakdown that lasted seven months, resulting in a severe panic syndrome that cost me my job of fifteen years;  my marriage; my beautiful home; my vehicle; my friends and family members and every personal possession that I have ever valued and worked hard to obtain.  I was forced to file bankruptcy and move away from the area. 
Prior to this experience, I had a fear of homeless people.  I think this was because I did not know what to expect from them .  I avoided and ignored them as much as possible.  When I became sick and homeless, I was afraid that instead of trying to accept me and help me find solutions to my “homelessness,” people “with homes” would fear, avoid and ignore me.  My panic syndrome made me look and seem scary.  I remember looking in the mirror and seeing the panic monster in my eyes and realizing how disconcerting I must look to others.  When I would meet people in the community, I could see their fear of me, including one of the professionals  that was working with me to overcome my panic syndrome.  When people either looked at me with fear or avoided me, it exacerbated my panic syndrome.  I was so scared during those two months that I could no longer hear God’s voice for the first time in my life.  But, the homeless people that I once feared were not afraid of me.  Most of them were kind to me and tried to be helpful.  
That was ten years ago.  Today, I am a college student and enjoy a full life with my new husband, family and friends.  I spend weekends playing with my grandchildren and savoring time with my son and daughter.  I no longer fear homeless people.  I have empathy for them and try to help them whenever possible.  Today, I know that the fear I had of homeless people prior to becoming homeless is nothing compared to the fear that I felt while being homeless. .  I have returned to being a person “with a home” and have continued to be one ever since.   I thank God for teaching me how to have empathy for others who are less fortunate than most.  I also thank Him for enlightening me by giving me the opportunity to experience fear from the perspectives of the homeless people that I used to fear. 
