City Life  (possible title)
by Gene 
When I grew up in the country life was hard but it was fair. Now that I look back on it, I think we had a lot because we had each other. It would rain inside the house, but it was home. Then we moved to the city and I knew nothing about anything. One day, my mother told me to go take a bath and I did not know what to do because I had never seen running water in a house before. I had never seen a house where you could turn the lights on from the wall.  Then, things changed again. 
I was growing up in the city’s fast life. Not long after we moved I got in trouble and started using drugs and messing with girls. The worst part was probably the drugs--those are what really brought me down. I went to prison for drugs, and while in prison I got really sick twice. They took me to the hospital and wanted me to have surgery. However, my family said no and explained to me that they felt I was just a number in the prison system. About three weeks later, I was called to the warden’s office and told that I was going to get to go home. When I got home I had to have surgery within a year. That was the first surgery.
Now that I am at McCreesh Place, a supportive housing community, I have to go to my doctor every month. I have a roof over my head. The most important thing is that I am clean, and that feels good. It is a good feeling to know you can wake up with a roof over your head, and the people around you are clean--well, most of them. I like Pam, the director. She is my friend and a good person, but she will let you know if you do wrong. All and all, we here at McCreesh are blessed. Thank you, McCreesh Place for getting my life back on track. It is not all the way, but I am getting there. All I miss is having my dogs with me. They are over at my son’s house, though, so I can spend time with them when I want to. 
I do not drink anymore because that is what made me sick. See, I have chronic pancreatitis. It flares up about twice a year; but when I am here, I can get help. They will call the ambulance to take me to the hospital. That is another good thing about being at McCreesh, and I never have to worry about someone eating my food. At McCreesh Place, everyone should be thankful for Father McCreesh. God bless him up in Heaven. 

