Home Away From Home
By
Christina C. Williams


Home away from home is what I convinced myself that I was experiencing when I walked into the Salvation Army shelter in October, 2010. I had brought two of my grandbabies, Dyral and Destiny, with me to help my daughter get her act together. For some reason, I thought that I would be able to find a job right away with all my work experience and then quickly find housing. Not! I had worked in a grocery store for nearly five years, the public school system for one and a half years, and in retail for four or more. But It was not as easy as I had anticipated.
On December 18, I was informed by SA (Salvation Army?)that either I get rid of my grandbabies or they would put us all out of the program. My daughter came and got the kids and left on the twenty-first, Destiny’s birthday. The most painful time of my life I thought. They thought I would be free to find a job and get a place faster. Nice thought.
I refused to let this take me down. I was headed down--fast. I was scared that I was about to lose all hope. I hadn’t realized how much those babies meant to me until they were gone. I felt so empty. You see, I left my kids because they were so dependent on me. That is part of what caused me to leave in the first place. It was time for a change without losing my basic. (Not sure what she means by “basic”) As I looked round me, I saw so, so many that had lost their minds. In that environment, it is so easy to lose it. So many had given up. They were running scared. You could smell the fear. And every time I see one go down, I remind myself that could be me. Then I thank God it wasn’t me. Then I asked, “God, will this be me? What must I do to prevent this from happening?” It seemed I held my breath for the longest time. I was on the border of insanity. As I looked around, there was so many there already. I, too, was afraid I would be next. I fought hard not to cry or, worse, become severely depressed. I was already depressed. I stilled cried from time to time, just not as often.
I busied myself so much that I tried not to have time to think about my situation. I started reading my Bible daily and have yet to stop. Every morning and evening.
I needed my birth certificate and was told to go to The Urban Ministry Center. Visiting UMC, I learned about the writing class and art studio. I did my best to attend every one. I painted several paintings. Sold a few. I had written one book and published it. I have to republish it because I made the mistake of publishing it in Old English. Since then, I have written four others and am working on the sixth.
On March 5, 2011, I got a car, an apartment and a job at a grocery story. It my vision to live on the lake. I placed a map in the spring of the bed above me in the shelter and prayed on it daily. 
Two years later, my roommate moved to Charlotte while I was still working part-time and struggling to pay my rent. Finally, I gave up. I moved back to Stone Mountain at my daughter’s house in March, 2013. After being unsuccessful at finding a job, losing my storage unit and belongings, and spending all my savings trying to survive, I went back to school at Westwood College in the Business Management program.
To make a long story short, on October 8, I finished my classes. On December 13, I will strut across the stage to get my Associate Degree in business. 
I now work part-time with CDS at COSTCO as a demonstrator. I portrayed a character named “Sis. Stokes” in a play called “Be Very Careful of What You Pray For.” I am developing a character called “Miz Kryz” for my storytelling. I’m still working on my books and want to start blogging.
In a sense, I am still homeless. I do have my goals and greater determination. My heart goes out to those who are still out there searching but mostly to those that has given up hope. They say home is where the heart is. Then we all should pray for a stronger heart. 
