Mark
Alongside of a hospital parking garage, next to a bus stop, a group of some of Miami's most hardcore homeless sleep every night, just three blocks down the street from one of largest homeless shelters in the country. Two blocks down the street, The Sisters of Charity feed the homeless every day; except Thursdays. The food is nourishing if nothing else.

One night, as I lay on my three layers of cardboard, a woman lay under the bus stop. A man came up to her and stole her blanket. I got up and went after the blanket thief.

After a brief confrontation and one swift kick to his knee, he relented and gave up her blanket. I went back to my cardboard and gave the woman her gray rag wool FEMA disaster blanket. She was appreciative and thought it was safer to sleep near me, so she dragged her cardboard next to mine and went back to sleep.

Later that night, she told me her name was Lavita. She was a gaunt black woman in her fifties with salt and pepper hair. A woman came up to us and offered some very expired Christmas cake. We accepted it and split it between us. Lavita ate it greedily and with relish, even though the buttercream frosting was slightly spoiled.

Roughly two weeks later, Lavita, was brutally murdered on the sidewalk near the Sisters’ mission. Allegedly beaten to death by a man who propositioned her for sex.

---
Dear Random Self-Involved Politician—otherwise most likely an individual with a Juris Doctorate unable to slake their need for egotistical power seeking and approval,

I am homeless. I have been homeless for many years following a protracted illness and having no visible means of support, I wound up sleeping in my car—when I owned one. Currently, I sleep in a shelter with 200 other men. However, I have out of necessity slept in cardboard boxes, under highway overpasses, and just passed out in a park somewhere.

It's not always bad, mind you. Sometimes it is fun to be laughed at. To have people throw things from cars at you. To listen to jeers and insults yelled at you. It's almost like being in public office. After all if you've no place to live but in the public eye, we're kindred.

Say, that give me an idea. If I could get every single homeless person to sit in their elected officials’ offices all across this country maybe you might just then get the point. If you've ever smelled the epically chronically homeless you'd try to do something to alleviate the problem or at least pour a bottle of cologne on them.

Were not all crazy, or druggies, or drunks, or shiftless. A lot of us just don't have families to rely on. Just a basic social support system. I'm sorry to inform you that the Social Security Administration does nothing to alleviate the social situation of homelessness.

In closing, let me take the time to explain that in a country where over 50 percent of the people hold no assets and over three-fourths of the people are on the federal threshold for being in poverty, you better do something and fast.

Sincerely,

Some Homeless Asshole


