Memories , a Cardboard Box, and a Full Moon
by Laurie Koelsch

When I was a teenager going home from work with my parents, I saw a lady in this fur coat. It was black and white striped like the one from One Hundred and One Dalmatians. It was a cold blustery winter day. She was walking on the sidewalk downtown looking for food in the trash cans. I looked at my dad; he explained to me that she was homeless.  The rest of the way home I sat there trying to imagine what it would be like living that way, wondering how she stayed warm at night. There were so many unanswered questions on my mind that I found it mindboggling. I was told that this lady was released from the state hospital. She had a few mental problems. Years later I found that she had gotten the help she needed and had gotten off the streets and now how has a home of her own.

Now I am experiencing homelessness myself, and this is one story of one night on the street. It was a crisp cold night with a full moon. We had lost our home and vehicle and were on foot walking in town to stay warm trying to find a place to get some sleep that we badly needed. As we reached the woods at the edge of town, I spotted a cardboard box, so I went to check it out. It was big enough for us to curl up in and try to get some sleep, which did not come because of the cold. Instead of sleeping I lay there wondering why me, why is this happening. I felt lost and forgotten like I had just lost my best friend. I was lucky to have gotten an hour of sleep because it was so cold. I told myself to keep a positive attitude, that this is only a temporary situation and this won’t go on forever. Since that time I now have a vehicle to live in. It has a bed and I have a cell phone to keep in touch with my family, friends. I am glad to say I was happy to hear about the outreach program that is at a church where we can eat, shower, and get our mail. The volunteers for outreach are so wonderful to talk with. They help us in many ways if we have concerns.
