

---------

Life on the streets is dangerous. Life on the streets is not pretty. Life on the streets is survival in a pitiless society of  grand affluence surrounded by the filth of humanity.

---------

I sat along a concrete sea wall off US 1 and NE 21st in Miami. It was warm and sunny for most of the day. With my 50 pound Olive Drab military surplus duffle I picked out random homeless people and followed them to find local soup kitchens.

In conversations with other homeless I discovered that getting into the local homeless shelters would be a challenge. It seems they aren't nearly as open as they portray themselves to be online.

Most of the hardcore street people had a extreme dislike for the mandatory drug testing the local shelters hoist upon them. I agree with the shelters on this point. Why shelter someone who doesn't bother to change the reason they are homeless?

According to the Dade County website you need to call a number to get access to the shelters. As today was New Years Day no one answered the phone. Which irritated me, as homelessness itself does not care about holidays.

I will call again first thing in the morning.
-----------------------

It seems that every damn corporate Greyhound station in the country is located in the shittiest part of town. Miami was no different. A ramshackle building near the airport filled with various malcontents and low-life types.

I noticed I was seriously overdressed as two sea hags walked by my window as I gathered my belongings, in short shorts. Cottage cheese thighs and flip-flops made me throw up into my mouth.

It was fifteen to five in the morning as I set off on foot trudging along with my cumbersome duffle bag from the depressing dirty bus station. The streets were empty on this new years day morning.

Quickly I found myself unpacking my bag and throwing away a lot of cold weather gear. Hoodie sweat coats, old thermal underwear, and my supply of stocking caps and gloves. It however did little to lighten my load. Due to the clothing I had worn in got shoved into the duffle.

Google maps lied, again. My expected two mile trek quickly turned into a full ten kilometers. My back and shoulders let me know it. As I made it into the downtown part of Miami.

It is true, by the way, they never stop partying here. I passed by two nightclubs still in full swing at seven AM. I was strangely aroused by the nonstop party mystique. I will have to investigate this in more detail later.

---------------------------

That separated part of me that always feels contrary to how I portray myself feels anxious about this trek. It's not like I've got anywhere else to go.

It is better than waking up with my teeth chattering, after all. Or being ran-off by some rookie cop on homeless patrol at four in the morning.

So here I sit at this sea wall torturing myself shooting and getting shot looks The women here are fucking outstanding. Pretty faces from all races. Out of some insane genetic predilection I flirt with them all. Knowing full well I am not worthy of a relationship. The self-inflicted anguish does not quash the urge.

As if a gorgeous well-to-do woman is going to walk by and sweep me off the street. I used to joke with some of my fellow "urban outdoorsmen" that a woman was going to pull over in a red Mercedes Benz convertible, I was going to hop in, and never look back. Sheer fantasy, a great deal of delusional wishful thinking, and about as likely as winning the lottery without buying a ticket.

-------------------------------

The line for dinner outside the Miami rescue mission was as expected full of some of Miami's most hardcore homeless. A majority of them intoxicated on alcohol or worse. I sat atop my duffle bag on the curb in a increasingly disorganized line.

A cute but highly suspect street walker strolled past the line dressed in a tank top and a super short denim mini skirt. The guys whooped and hollered at her. She ignored them. In typical fashion, being classically me, I looked deeply into her eyes. I suddenly realized who and or what I was looking at and quickly averted my gaze. I looked back at her a second later to see her beam a bright smile at me. Must to the consternation of the other men in the line. The look on the face of a short fat man sitting next to me said it all- Aren't you a stud...

Usually, when I have my own place and a little bit of money. I always end up with the streetwalkers. Knowing full well the relationship is doomed from the get-go. As the ending line in the movie Payback goes- She promised to stop hooking, I promised to stop shooting people, maybe we were aiming a little high...

----------------------

Day two. Called the shelter line to be informed by really rude staff members that there is zero availability at any shelter. The nearest estimate was 4 weeks.
