In a one bedroom apartment in a building that looks like it has been through a mortar attack on the outskirts of Little Havana. I take refuge from the madness that lies outside my front door. This city is as rough as Los Angeles. A cruel, vicious, and unforgiving place where I don't entirely fit in. At least on the west coast, I could blend into the scene.

My first night in my new apartment I met a Cuban woman living under the stairwell next to my front door. In short order, I put her to work cleaning up the aftermath of years of neglect from a landlady who is pre-Alzheimer's.

The building sat unoccupied for three plus years before I arrived. Most of my time on the first night was rousing the drunks and druggies from their spots amongst the empty, unfinished apartments and kicking them off the property.

Even though I myself have been homeless and on the streets. I never took refuge by squatting in someone else's house. I felt no sympathy for them as I escorted them from the property with a promise of police involvement upon them returning. With the sole exception of the refugee lady. She hadn't broken into any of the apartments. She just had her bedroll under the stairs. She also had a horrific raspy cough which worried me.

I offered her my couch in trade for cleaning, she agreed, in her humorous broken English. Which was a blessing, I had no food, or food stamps, for that matter. She willingly proffered her SNAP card and we went to the local supermarket. Other than the peculiar odor of meat beginning to turn and every single sign being in Spanish. I welcomed the nourishment.

I sit on the stairwell outside my apartment and smoke a hand-built cigarette made from the tobacco of cheap cigars rolled into thin graph paper. I know I am still vulnerably housed, just barely surviving, yet I am more at peace than I have been in year.

Later that night I went for a walk directly into Miami's version of L.A.'s infamous Skid Row. The men and women lined the city sidewalks lying upon layers of scavenged cardboard. The smell of urine burning my nostrils as I walked the streets I once slept on just a month earlier.

You can tell who have formed street families. They tend to sleep in groups. Usually divided by the types of drug usage or race. It's a human survival instinct whether they realize it or not. The acrid odor from the vaporization of crack cocaine wafts from one group of people or the sickly sweet smell of alcohol from another. All in various groups along a darkened stretch of street right off of downtown Miami.

It really doesn't matter what major city your in. The dynamic is the same, whether your homelessness is caused by drugs or alcohol or mental illness or just sheer bad luck. You will find the group which is best suited to you. I speak of the street-dwelling homeless. The most chronic of the homeless. Most all whom you encounter on the streets have attempted the homeless shelter route. Including myself. It is a different world of homelessness altogether.

The shelter life is, as unbelievable as it may seem, is entirely more stressful than actually sleeping on the streets. The endless rules and regulations, unrealistic occasionally sadistic staff members, and of course the fact you are literally stacked on top of one another makes for a particularly undesirable experience.

Being expected to find gainful employment within a unusually short time frame. So you may relieve yourself of the shelter's services. Usually winds up as being a gateway into a homeless revolving shelter door. Most of the time just putting the shelter address on your application will exclude you from a job.

My personal favorite topic of discussion brought up in most homeless shelters is this- they're making money for us being in here.  This usually irritates me and forces me to attempt to explain (to the idiot who brings up the topic) that no one makes money from your homelessness. The idea of a for-profit homeless shelter is ridiculous. Someone either donated money or the government grants for the shelter to operate. Usually, it's a slathering of both. Neither of which lends itself to raking in the cash. However, trying to explain to the idiot this is akin to teaching a pig to fly. It makes you look stupid and irritates the pig.

I ponder the nature of the men and women who operate homeless shelters. I have personally met quite a few in my tramps journey. All of them seem to have an intention of helping the downtrodden. Yet, in short order, the overwhelming problem consumes the best of intentions.
Somewhere between the mentally ill, drug addicts, and the basically lazy they find themselves jaded to the illusion ofphilanthropy.

Trapped in a world of the homeless and the endless ocean of personal tragedy each individual represents the glimmer ofhope is quenched. Usually replaced with a hardness which shelters their open hearts from the reality of society.

Yet I have met a precious few, the most idealistic of us all, whose genuine love for mankind cannot be turned by a sea ofadversity. Usually those who find themselves in a shelter who are there by sheer bad luck gravitate to these people. Unfortunately, I have found these individuals do not have the power to alleviate the problems of the many into a solution forthe few.

Amidst the jaded, the precious, and the simply aghast a homeless person is faced with a almost insurmountable problem ofboot-strapping themselves unto the mainstream of society from a metal bunk bed or a plastic mat on the floor in a room ofpeople who are in the same situation.

I have seen the fear in the eyes of those whose are homeless for the first time. Even military veterans whose have seen the horrors of war. The color drained from their faces, the shock of realization as they lay down unto their bedding in the shelterfor the night.

That first night is unsettling to watch from afar. For all but the unfeeling, it resonates throughout the experience. Whether it is man who brought it on to himself through a series of bad decisions or those who are victims of unfortunate circumstances beyond their control the evocation is the same.T
