Tribal Loss
I just got word of another death from my tribe. My tribe of the homeless.  Since last October, 2013, ten of us have fallen to the grave.  That’s off the top of my head.  There’s likely more, unknown to me.  However, to my knowledge, I have been preceded by:
Raymond (Santa), Brian, Bill (Back Pack), Jerry, Robert (Ghost), Jeff, Gerald, Joyce, Chris, Sharon.   We don’t so much have names on a wall, like Veterans, but we do have names hung from a cross at Jubilee House, in Remembrance of our Homeless Veterans of the Street.
I knew most of these people.  This is not a complete list of Veterans of the Street since my own Homelessness began in February of 2007.  There are many names hanging from that cross at Jubilee.
My friend, Tony, suggested that we are a unique and strong breed, despite or perhaps in spite of, our many deaths.  Everybody dies.   Our tribe, or breed if you will, has lost people yearly.  But 10 in one year (and still a month to go) seems excessive.  The majority of this tribe died “outside” of the recent harsh winter weather elements`.  At least four died within some form of lodging.  Tony reminds me that the total of wear and tear on our physical and spiritual bodies and minds is progressive.  The days and nights of being outside; the booze or drugs we put into our bodies; the lack of regular nutrition; the violence survived  that can and does  exist on the streets, yes, even here in Traverse City; the depression, hope-lessness, and despair that we live with daily.  This wear and tear is cumulative.  It remains even after we have found permanent shelter.
I could easily be one of the names on that Cross.  I likely will be.  It’s simply a matter of how soon.  When.  I am not big into formality.  I would like to be cremated.   I have no real, biological, family to speak of, who knows or cares about what is going on in my life.  Likely one of the Goodwill Street Outreach workers or one of the Jubilee volunteers will contact my father.  More likely than not, Grace Episcopal or Central United Methodist will do my memorial.  These are the people who have known me since 2007.  These are the people who care: volunteers, GWI staff, outreach workers, and other Homeless Tribal Members.
It is not my intention to be morbid, but to honor those many who have fallen before me.  It is nice to know that, despite my homelessness, I too may be missed and remembered.  I thank those, Who do Not Have to Care, for Caring and remembering us Homeless as People.  People who had experienced homelessness.
Renee Rop 9/17/14
