
Sometimes people have nicknames that someone has named them. I have one, mine is Cinderella. I was born in a family of two older siblings. I was the youngest of two girls and there was an age difference of nine and thirteen years between myself and them. I always felt like I was the black sheep. They always treated me badly and left me out of a lot of things. As time went by it got worse. 
My first homeless experience was when my father passed and I was living at home. My mother became distraught from his death, and my sisters told her that she needed to kick me out of her house. She finally did. 
You see why I was called Cinderella.
I found myself living in my car not understanding why my mother let them do that to me. It was hard and some friends helped me sometimes but It was hard and some friends helped me sometimes but I was not in a good situation. As time went by I met someone and moved up to Chimney Rock, NC. I lived with a family up there until I could get my own place. After a year went by my mother came to visit me and ended up bringing me back to Charlotte with her. I moved in with her. I started dating someone who worked for the city--a public servant--and ended up getting married to him. It was good, at first. Within a month he became extremely abusive. I went through a very bad time in my life. I had to run away many nights and sleep outside because I was scared to go home. He beat me and beat me. I would leave him and then go back to him and the he would beat me again. I left him and my mother helped me but I went back again. I loved him. I was working at a store, they loved me there. But my boss said that I needed to stop coming in looking like I had gotten beat up. He said if it happened again, I would get fired. It happened again. And I got fired.
The police eventually took me to a shelter for battered women. I received help and counseling there. (Many years later after he died, his second wife told me that he beat her too) A crisis organization helped me get an apartment. I was done with the marriage and on my own in my own place. 
The third time I became homeless was when I was in an apartment that was contaminated with mold and I was hospitalized from it. It was then they chose to evict me, accusing me of things that were not true. I became homeless again but that is when I found Speak Up. It has given me hope and made me a better person. I now truly care about others that are in transition. I feel that this organization changes homeless people’s lives for the better and enables them to stand up for something they truly believe in: helping homeless people. 
