In November of 2012 I almost lost my apartment. 
I had only lived there about a year but it was quite comfortable. I had been searching for some type of employment--any thing!--for the past few months. It was hard to find something that I could do. I tried to borrow money from family and friends and it seemed everyone was in the same position. Still I prayed for some help.
The court date finally came.
“Are you going to pay?” asked the judge.
“I don’t have it,” I said. I was completely broke.
The gavel slammed and she told me I have ten days before I would be evicted. I spent the rest of the day trying to keep my spirits up and praying. My cousin saw me and asked if I wanted to go with her to the internet cafe, where people often play the sweepstakes. I needed something to cheer me up so I went with her. On the way in, my sister-in-law came out with a huge smile. She had won some money and pressed a $20 bill into my hand.
I walked up to the register and hand the clerk my ID and the $20. He took it but then I asked for it back so I could pray over it, since it was all I had. I then sat down at the machine and flipped through the games to find the one I liked. 
Five minutes into the game, the screen went black. I had won $3,200! I made sure to give everyone there some of the money, to share the blessing. Then I went off to tell my sister-in-law who had given me the $20. She was at another internet cafe. I decided to play there as well--two minutes later the screen went blue I had won again, this time $1,200! 
I was so happy, my prayers were being answered. I blessed everyone in the building with some of my winnings. 
Ony my way out the door I bumped into a friend who told me I should try another place that had a higher jackpot. How could I say no? At the third place, I put $40 on and sat down and bowed my head and prayed. After picking the game, I clicked the mouse a couple times and I won $1,600! I jumped up told my boyfriend I had won. 
I started crying, I was in shock. 
Just a week before I was to be evicted, now I had enough money to pay my rent and bills for six months. I also paid by daughter’s rent and bills and bought a car.

