  Thanksgiving Memories

 I am grateful to see and enjoy the warmth of the sunshine everyday.  times when I would help my mother fix a Thanksgiving dinner, learning how to make stuffing the way she did, the aroma of the herbs and seasoning that filled the house with a tantalizing aroma. I looked forward to the aromas in the air from the turkey baking in the oven to the yams baking in the oven with brown sugar and marshmallows turning golden brown. White mashed potatoes waiting for the golden brown gravy, the bright red color of the cranberry sauce, a colorful vegetables of celery, carrot sticks, pickle spears. While waiting for our feast fit for a king we have the noise of the television watching the football game making bets on which team is going to win, learning how to keep track of the plays my brother taught me being a football player in high school.  
     While I am grateful for having talks with my father when I was having problems and how he would have me sit and think about what I had done wrong and to realize what I had to do so I could make it right. Mostly for the love and support of my family even though they are busy with their families. These memories put a smile on my face  and I don’t feel quite lonely and cold it is hard to be homeless on the holidays, out in the cold nowhere to go to stay warm or a place to sleep at night, everything is closed for the day. I am grateful to have my soulmate in my relationship to keep me company he keeps me strong and helps me through the hard times during the holidays and the cold weather at night.
     I am grateful to be able to have breakfast with friends and share coffee during the week who take time from their own families during the holidays. Now that we have safe harbor we are allowed to stay in for the day and not have to get up and leave for the day unless we have plans to visit our families we are then out until 6pm in the evening to come back to the warmth of the church and a hot meal and a mat to sleep on tired from the cold winter weather.                                              
  Laurie Koelsch
