Julia Got Robbed Again
By Austin Kistner

“It was the fourth of July. I wasn’t working. I just went to hang out, enjoy the 4th and maybe grab something to eat.” This is what passed through Julia’s* mind as she hopped aboard a bus headed for the market where she usually sells Speak Up Magazine. She was excited about a much-needed break from the stresses of daily work and life, and the evening began on an amazing note. 

As she relaxed on a bench behind a popular restaurant, she chatted with a young man. Unexpectedly a woman appeared from around the corner. She was one of Julia’s regular customers, often bought her magazines. She walked right up and gave her a hug. “I love your patriotic shirt,” she told Julia. “You do such a good job selling the magazines, and I love reading Speak Up.” She opened her purse saying she had a surprise. Julia was stunned to see that the gift was a $100 bill--celebration of her hard work as a vendor selling Speak Up. This was by far the largest cash gift she had ever been given--and on a night when she wasn’t even planning to work!

In awe of what had just transpired, Julia went back to her conversation with the young  man. She found out that he was currently between jobs. He was easy to talk with. Tall and lean, his dark hair was tied back in a musician’s bun. He had a sweet smile. After being so generously blessed, Julia decided to share that blessing. “I’m going over there for dinner, do you want to join me?” Julia asked. He walked with her to the restaurant and sat down but didn’t accept any food. Water was all he wanted, he said. Julia persistently told him she was happy to pay for whatever he wanted to eat. He declined. It seemed strange, she shrugged it off thinking he was embarrassed to accept a free meal. 

After chatting for awhile, he let her know that he had some friends who lived near Hawthorne Park and that the city fireworks could be seen from their backyard, and Julia was invited to join. “He was cute but I wasn’t thinking like that. I just thought I had a new friend,” Julia said. They began to walk together. They walked and walked. Julia’s feet and back were beginning to ache. He suggested they take a break. She sat down on a bench. Without warning, the man grabbed her bag and purse and ran off into Hawthorne Park.  

“I was devastated,” said Julia. “Everything was in that bag, every penny I had.” Hundreds of dollars had suddenly vanished—money that she’s saved for her YMCA membership where she showers daily, money to buy more magazines, money for rent, money for food, her monthly bus pass--gone! She jumped up and tried to run after him, limping and bounding on her injured foot. 

Her phone was in the bag so she ran into a pizza parlor to call 911. “We don’t allow our customers to use the phone for 911,” the waitress told her primly. Julia begged and but was told the same thing over and over. The other patrons looked at her and then looked away. She went to the bar area and pleaded for help. After a while, a man walked outside with her and called the police.

When the officers arrived, Julia told them what had happened and went with them as they searched the area. They found one of Julia’s bags, her keys and her bus pass. All of her ID’s, her rent money, and phone were never recovered. By the time the police had finished, most of the buses were done running for the night. An Uber driver, who had been in the pizzeria when Julia asked for help, offered to give her a free ride. Thankful, Julia said she would accept. Then the driver crudely told her what services from Julia he expected in return for his. Disgusted, she turned away and began to walk. 

Just overhead, fireworks began to explode.

A few days after the robbery, Julia reflected honestly. “I believe this person was setting me up, and I was looking past distrust. I was just trying to make a friend on the 4th of July. He didn’t hurt me, and he didn’t seem to be the type of person to hurt anybody. He seemed like a gentle, nice, young dude. People’s intentions can be invisible to you. You can’t see the real them. You can cry about it for a minute or two and then laugh about it. When you look back, some things are comical. You can learn from it, start over, and try not to make the same mistakes.”

__
*Julia’s name was changed for this story. To read a previous installment about her life, visit speakupmag.org/pennies.
