Shelter Shelter
By Mark Gansert

Hidden from the road and nearly invisible, a man in a black rain jacket sat on a blue milk crate around a crudely constructed fire pit built of hunks of discarded concrete from a house foundation off the road road. A small fire was lit with a few other men sitting nearby warming themselves from a frigid morning in November.  The property itself had been razed many years ago and was severely overgrown in a tangle of weeds. The fire pit and an oddly constructed lean-to shelter was along the back edge of the property. Its nearest neighbor was the local men’s shelter.  The man in the black rain coat built the shelter for the other men around the fire. You see, at the shelter, they are required to leave the premises every morning very early, before the break of day. Some of the men at the shelter were there awaiting disability checks for a host of varied conditions--they were veterans, had been in accidents, beaten up or were just plain sick. The most unfortunate of those men could not go very far from the shelter. With broken backs or severely damaged hips, with no money to ride the bus, their only choice was to leave the property as required everyday and painfully walk to the campsite to wait out their day to return to the shelter. Usually this meant they also starved through the day--their immobility made them unable to reach the food served off of Tryon street.  As the weather changed from summer into fall and the morning chill began to occur, those poor men suffered terribly with no choice but to bundle up with all the clothes they could and hoard blankets.  The man in the black raincoat was me.  Strong and able and not disabled, I built the shelter and the fire pit to care for those men out of sheer humanity. I would go to the lunches served and hoard sandwiches and whatever else I could to bring back to those men who could not make it that far.  I recently looked at the Google street view of the place of the old campsite. It was cleared out. 

I know there are men who are still severely disabled and live in the men’s shelter. As I write this, tears stream down my cheeks for I wonder how many more men have suffered at the hands of the shelter’s rigid staff members and harsh policies. Especially those who are already in pain and suffering. I am no longer there to help them.  Those men who sat around the fire with me are no longer in Charlotte. They all received disability checks now and have moved well away from the Queen City. Can you blame them? 
