Anna’s Rules
By Matt Shaw
 
Well, Anna* is on the streets again.
 
Her two sisters and her church and others teamed together eight months ago and helped Anna get into a house. She'd been bouncing from shelter to hospital to shelter for years. They gave Anna a list of rules that she had to follow to stay there. It wasn't hard; it didn't have to be hard. A one page contract that seemed reasonable enough.

ONE: Keep the lawn mowed.
TWO: Take your meds.
THREE: Earn money selling Speak Up.
FOUR: Don't try to kill yourself.
FIVE: Don't call 911.
SIX: Get good routines.
SEVEN: Improve yourself.
EIGHT: Go to the YMCA every day.
NINE: Be a healthy productive citizen.

She signed and they signed it; it was a happy time. Christmas in her own place.
 
One of her sisters spearheaded the effort. The sister who is trying to buy a house in another state wanted to Anna to have some stability before she leaves for good. But be careful, she told Anna. If you don’t follow the rules, I’ll find a better-paying tenant to live there.
 
It worked for awhile.
 
But there were problems. It started with the cats. (It’s always the confounded cats.) Anna brought in some stray cats that came mewing around. Some friends thought they were nasty little beasts, but Anna didn’t see it that way. She’d always wanted pets or at least new stuffed animals. She was still smarting from the loss when her sister came into a previous place she was renting and threw all her stuff—laptop, papers and stuffed animals—into the trash. When she talked about the cats she’d adopted, her voice took on a higher register—like a great-aunt talking to little kids she never sees. “They are my kitties…my little sweet kitties…” But those sweet kitties, those precious little kitties, started to fight one another and scratch her legs. It became annoying and troubling and stressful. She began to mention them (not good) and talk about them (really not good) and text about them (bad). She shot off texts to the the lady at the church, to the friend, to the volunteer, to her sisters. Text after text. Late at night, early in the morning. Cats. Drama. Cat drama.
 
Anna: mr kitty keeps biting me
Anna: mr kitty is attacking mrs kitty
SISTER: GET RID OF THE CATS!!!!!!
ANNA: i don’t know what to do about the cats…what am i going to do about the cats?
FRIEND: ANNA YOU BETTER STOP TEXTING YOUR SISTER ABOUT THE CATS OR SHES GOING TO KICK YOU OUT.
 
“Anna, you’ve got a choice,” said a friend. “Either the cats become homeless or you become homeless. At the very, very least, you’ve got to stop texting them about the cats.”
 
“Okay,” Anna said. “What do I do?”
 
So Anna composed some text messages by committee—messages of apology for the cat drama that admitted she’d been wrong to be obsessing about it. Messages that said she was done with the cats. That she was thankful. She sent them to Friend and Sister and all seemed well. But she didn’t get rid of the cats. She hid them—outside, in the shed, in the bathroom—but she never got rid of them.
 
The cats were just the beginning. She broke other rules too. Didn’t mow the lawn properly. Broke Rule One. Thought the neighbor was stalking her, called 911. Broke Rule Five. Got yelled at by her sister. Things simmered down. Called 911 again. Rule Five. Didn’t mow the lawn properly. Rule One.
 
She also broke rule number ten. She broke it every single day. It wasn’t mentioned in the contract, but ultimately, it was the only one that really mattered. Here it is:
 
RULE TEN:
Don’t have learning disabilities. Don't get abused when you were a kid. Don't be the oldest of the sisters, the one who remembers your alcoholic crazy dad who pointed a shotgun at you and threatened to kill you—over and over. Don't get bullied in middle school and high school. Don't get beat up because you are a racial minority. Don't cower in fear. Don't be stupid. Don’t be shamed and cursed by your mother in her dying days. Don’t be treated like a domestic servant and yelled at by your sister. Don't be crazy. Don’t think your neighbor is going to rape you. Don't try to sue your family. Don't have citizenship status that is in limbo even though you've lived in the USA for thirty years, even though your siblings have established their citizenship, even though it wasn't your fault, even though you don’t know what to do, even though you were brought here as a kid. Don't make mistakes. Don't screw up. Don’t contact us for years. Don’t call or text. Stay away. Don’t remember it all—the abuse, the curses, the assaults from your immediate family. Don’t remember the hate, the vitriol. Don’t remember the shame, and you should be ashamed if you do. Don’t obsess. Don’t lie. Don’t get sick and have surgery in July 2016 and be immobilized for weeks. Don’t fail—you know you’re going to, but you’d better not.
 
Anna didn’t follow Rule Ten. It was too much. It has always been too much.
 
“I need to cut my grass or my sister is going to evict me,” she told a mentor last week.
“I can cut your grass,” said the mentor.

MENTOR: I SAW ANNA TODAY AND SHE SAID SHE CANNOT CUT HER GRASS DUE TO LIFTING RESTRICTIONS FROM HER SURGERY. I’M GOING TO CUT HER GRASS THIS WEEKEND.
SISTER: KINDLY STAY OUT OF THIS AND STAY AWAY FROM THE PROPERTY. THIS IS BETWEEN US AND ANNA.
 
Then two days later, Sister came to the house. “Anna, go cut the grass right now.”
“I will later today, I’m too tired, I need to rest right now.”
“No, do it now.”
“I can’t.”
“I’m evicting you. You need to be out tomorrow. I am changing the locks. Pack a suitcase, I am going to throw away the rest of your stuff. I have a new tenant who is moving in Wednesday.”
 
So. Anna is on the streets again.
 
She’s trying to keep a hopeful heart. “God is going to provide for me, I know it. I haven’t cursed my sister at all. I have been praying for her and blessing her. I know God is going to take care of me.”

_______
*Anna’s name was changed for this story, which is based on interviews, direct reporting and digital transcripts.
