Better Than the Cobblestones
Mark Gansert

The waning moon shines down upon the grey painted concrete sidewalk at my apartment. Yes, my apartment. Just weeks ago, I was sleeping on cobblestones under a drawbridge.

Recently, the City of Miami was denied their request to the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) for six million dollars in homeless assistance. They were given $200,000 instead. Being homeless in Miami, I can attest that the two-hundred thousand they were granted was a fair amount for the services they provide.

Being homeless here and desirous of being in a shelter requires you track down a " green shirt.” These individuals work for the Miami-Dade County Homeless Trust. When you do track one down, they tell you to call a phone number every day to see if there is availability. This is the first obfuscation. The number is always busy.

Secondly, if perchance you actually speak to the sole individual (whom I shall not name), they will tell you to keep calling back every day.

The second obfuscation…

I got into a shelter through my own means using HUD’s own database of providers. This I'd like to think was the reason [the Homeless Trust] was denied the money requested. ALL of the email addresses listed upon the federal website bounced back as undeliverable. I then proceeded to contact HUD and explain that you are told to call a number that is never answered or email a non-existent email address.

They contacted the Homeless Trust for me. With fear in their voices, suddenly, that day I was placed into a bed at the Miami Rescue Mission.

I took the stability of a shelter stay as a blessing that I am very thankful for to obtain gainful employment and save up enough money to leave the shelter. Now I live with nine other men in a smallish two-bedroom apartment, itself a violation of HUD’s fair-housing policy.

So that's how I came to sit upon a plastic lawn chair on the grey painted sidewalk outside my apartment in the waning moonlight. It is a sight better than the cobblestones under the drawbridge. For that I am grateful.
