It is Hard to be Thankful
Matthew Hoffman

Being homeless (or as I'd prefer to refer to my own situation, "houseless"), I feel like I'm given far too much free time and far too little actual positive direction in how to utilize it for the benefit of all. 

I'm intelligent, I'm capable, and I'm more than willing to be of maximum service to everyone provided they wish to be of maximum service to me. However, it is my perception that that is not how others instinctively and intuitively view me.  

What I have observed in others is a tendency to excuse and discount my perspective and my pain by labeling my behavior. My overabundant and overwhelming love of others provokes my desire to mutate our world into one where responsible and commendable behavior is rewarded, and reprehensible and harmfully-motivated behavior is disciplined so that that behavior mutates into responsible and commendable behavior.

It was nine years ago when I first slept on the street.

Sleeping on the street is lonely. Sleeping on the street is maddening. Sleeping on the street changes one's perspective about how others are using their own lives, their own potential and their own worthiness to be representatives of our good God's stewardship.

When I became homeless at twenty nine years old, I became enraged. I was already brutally heartbroken. I did not understand how, in an environment where we possessed so much materially and purported to have sound morals that had propelled us to great heights, I had to suffer so much. Thankfulness and gratitude did not come easily and do not come easily. 

It is hard to be thankful for peanut butter and jelly that comes from funds raised at galas featuring lavish beef entrees and free-flowing wine. It is hard to be thankful about a society that often seems to treat you like a liability or a commodity to be exploited. Sometimes the sheer totality and helplessness of the situation can blind oneself to the amount of blessings one actually possesses.

Being hungry and alone gives one a true perspective on how small actions like sharing a meal with others and a simple conversation are blessings. We live in a world that can cause one to be deprived of these simple joys, so I try to be thankful in every moment.

Thankfully, there is a support system in this community for the homeless to rely on. Whether there are dinner meals provided at the homeless support center on College Street, Wednesday morning breakfasts at the Presbyterian Church, or this small magazine you happen to be holding in your hand, there are outlets that provide a "hand up" to those who may feel as though we've been "held down.”

We can always do more, but these actions of of faith must always keep being sown. 

