My mother had me when she was a teenager, and my father decided that raising a child was not a part of his plan. While my mom worked three minimum-wage jobs to provide food and shelter for us, money was always in short supply. The first time I realized that my life was different than that of my friends was in kindergarten. I couldn’t believe that other kids ate three meals every day all week long. I thought dinner was only supposed to be eaten a few times a week. I also soon realized that only having two outfits to wear to school was not normal. I didn’t know that our constant moving and living in new places was actually a result of our being evicted. 

Any time something went wrong for us, I was immediately told, “Don’t worry and never give up hope.” I was reminded of the words of an ancient missionary named Paul, that “suffering builds perseverance, which builds character, which builds hope.” Honestly, I wasn’t really convinced this was true; and at the time, it didn’t exactly help to make my situation any better. It was only when I experienced true suffering that I saw just how valuable hope could be.

My childhood wasn’t easy, but I was happy. I had my mom, and that’s all that mattered. 

Until one day, my mother went to the doctor and everything changed. 

We couldn’t afford health insurance, and so when my mom was diagnosed with MS, it was a death sentence. Not even a year later, she passed away.  

The next few years of my life were awful. I went to the edge of the abyss; I experienced more pain than a young heart should bear. But as the years passed, and despite having faced a tragedy no one should have to face, a hope grew within me.

I began to have hope that better things were coming. That hope that motivated me to work day after day in school. That hope motivated me on the athletic field. That hope motivated me when I worked to support my grandparents and myself. 

The hope itself never changed my situation. What it did do though was provide the spark that kept me going in order to scratch and claw my way out of the abyss. I put in long hours and worked and still carried grief with me, but it was hope that got me out of bed when I was exhausted after working a double and my bank account was still in the red. It is hope that still drives me to create a better life for myself and my loved ones when it would be so much easier to quit. 

Hope is the little whisper in the back of my mind telling me to give it one more chance because I am worth it, that I wasn’t made to live in defeat and despair.

I finally realized what the Apostle Paul was talking about. True Hope, the kind bigger than me, provides strength in times of weakness. While tragedy may strike, this hope will not disappoint. This type of hope allows us to more than just get by...it gives us a chance to thrive even in life’s hardest times.

__

Austin is a sophomore at Davidson College.
