Redemption by Mark Gansert

A man sits on a black office chair with his black steel-toed boots on the edge of a desk in a portable building in the garage basement of a hotel along the beach. It is one o'clock in the morning and all is quiet. The only sound is the grossly oversized window unit air conditioner wedged into an opening roughly cut haphazardly into the side of the office wall. Its drone is more than a little annoying.

Work
The man with his feet on the desk works at the hotel overnight full-time as its sole engineer for that shift. The hours are steady, the room calls are infrequent and typically of no real importance.

Alone
The man with his feet on the desk is me. To be honest, I've not lately written anything other than write incident reports for incidents I didn’t create, yet solved. My life is lonely. My days are solitary. Nearly as much as when I was struggling to survive on the streets. My sole friend lives a thousand miles away.

Housing
I dwell precariously in an arrangement that I recently discovered was illegal. Namely, ten men in a two-bedroom apartment. It is truly awful. It is akin to a cockroach-infested homeless shelter which I have the displeasure of paying rent to a man making nearly twenty thousand a month over the whole building. It is an inequitable arrangement rife with a peculiar taint of greed under the guise of altruism.

Transportation
I recently purchased a motorcycle, a Triumph America, for a mere two hundred and fifty dollars. Granted, it needs work. However, it is vital to escaping the poor living conditions.

Unease
My life is slowly becoming tolerable. Yet a fear of the streets dwells in the back of my mind. It sits again, as I have noted in the past, mocking me. As if the stain of sleeping on concrete was some scarlet letter. Even being gainfully employed and making small yet vital steps seems futile. I can oddly see the reasoning of those hardcore, lifelong homeless men who have given up on our society and watch from the fringe. Unanswered questions—What am I doing? Where am I going?—loom in the distance of my mind. My job and housing stability do not provide any answers. 

I wait for redemption.
