There’s Beauty Everywhere
Andrea Hoschek
First published in Apropos Street Magazine in Salzburg, Austria
Courtesy International Network of Street Papers

These days I have less to worry about. Previously I was living in a small cave in a mountain. 

The water used to drip on my face, despite the tarpaulin that I had covering the walls. It was one that painters use; I didn't have the money for anything else.

I wasn't physically fit enough to meet the conditions imposed by social service. I eventually gave up my flat and stopped getting social benefits--they had already been cut anyway. That situation lasted for a long time--much longer than I wanted it to. I would get up in the morning and go down the hill. Sometimes I would meet others that lived there and we would beg on the bridge. They were also homeless and needing money. Well, I never had to beg because I was selling the street paper. Many people helped me with my problems and supported me. Like other homeless people, I was just grateful to have any place to sleep.

At the beginning I stayed at a friend's place. I didn't have to pay rent. I sold our street magazine and cooked for him. But I couldn't stand his drinking.

I enjoyed living surrounded by nature, but I had a hard time sleeping and it that started to take its toll. I looked for a doctor nearby because I wasn't able to go to the city in the state of health I was in. He said that I shouldn't sleep outdoors without a sleeping bag, and that valerian would be good for my wisdom tooth. It grows on the mountain, thank God. But how could I afford a sleeping bag, especially a good one? My mother was unemployed too at the time and couldn't help. An ad in the newspaper and a personal connection however worked wonders. After two years, I finally got a high-quality sleeping bag and a military tent. It was a nomadic lifestyle, but it was bearable.

I will never forget my first winter in the cave. I tried to tell myself that snowflakes were 'romantic.’ I covered myself with expensive fur coats that I got from the collection of old clothes at a local outreach; unfortunately, they never had any sleeping bags. Once at a construction site, I found some thermal insulating material and I took it to sleep on so that I wouldn't get sick. "I'll return it soon," I thought to myself. Because the cave was in danger of collapsing--and also because of the noise--I moved to the other side of the mountain. I was still unable to sleep.

Every week, we used to get treated to a free concert because we could hear the music from concerts from the main square in Salzburg. Today, they actually give a cultural pass to poor people with free entry to the cinema and other events.

I like to think back to the beautiful time that I spent in the great outdoors, in touch with nature. Sometimes I even feel like I was living in luxury because of the beautiful things that I was given. I am very grateful for the expensive clothing donations. That's how I got a camel-hair coat; it was always my dream to own one. I used to wear it when I was sitting outside the cave.

A friend of mine from Upper Austria used to come and visit me twice a week to bring me organic products and arnica tincture. In return, I made him mountain tea on the campfire to help with his circulation. Another friend used to bring me a special natural medicine from Germany (made from valerian, lemon balm, hops and St. John's wort). One time when I was ill, another cave dweller brought me food that he got from the monastery. We would go to the monastery to get food every day (except Sundays): sandwiches, sometimes homemade cakes, fruit and always friendly conversation.

I used to take food from rubbish bins, and in the tent I would hang kilos of bananas, organic breads and other groceries for days so the mice couldn't reach them. I even covered the walls with a Persian carpet that I found in a bin. People throw away the most beautiful things. When there was enough to eat, I didn't have a lot to worry about; but there were times when I was almost starving and the rubbish bins behind the supermarkets were my only rescue.

I've had my own flat for five years now thanks to “basic income” support from the government. It's nice but can be stressful because of the crime in my neighbourhood, which never seems to end. I want to work again. That's why I started taking courses at an employment services agency.
When I'm feeling bad, I go back to the mountain to the cave that I decorated with a mattress, a beautiful Persian carpet and other bits and bobs that I got from Sam, a painter friend that also lived on mountain who has now sadly passed away.

Everything is so peaceful and quiet there, just like it used to be. I can pass the day there and feel grateful for everything that nature gave me. My friend Sam used to say: "I'm not poor, I'm rich.”
