Vendor Hopes

Elena Onica, 34, sells Apropos in Salzburg, Austria
In 2017, I wish for a second child and good health. My son David is currently living with his grandparents in Romania in very cramped conditions while I sell the street paper in Salzburg. I would really like him to have a better life.
In the next year, think the government should make more small and affordable flats available so that I - and others in a similar situation - can remain and work in Salzburg and have insurance.
Apropos is my paper, my job and I wish for the sales to continue going so well. Every month, the paper is interesting and us vendors are always given space, too. In March 2013, for example, the paper featured a full interview with me.
My fear for 2017 is that I will get ill and have problems with my thyroid gland again. And that the winter will be very cold (I sleep in my car when I'm selling papers in Salzburg).
This time next year I want to be here in Salzburg. Next year, I also want to stay in Salzburg during December and into the new year and continue to sell papers.
I would like to thank all of those who helped me so much over the past year: my bosses, the readers who always buy the paper from me, the German teachers and doctors, and everyone else. I wish them all the best, good health and a fantastic new year.
 
Ken, 47, sells Big Issue North in Manchester City Centre, UK - with Bailey the dog
My wish for 2017 is to stay clean of hard drugs and not go back to crime. I've been clean for over six years. It can be hard because of the people around on the street. If it gets too much I just pack my bags and take my dog and move on to the next town.
I hate the way they deal with homelessness in this country. It's handled so much better in other counties. They have much better support in countries like France, Italy and Switzerland. Here, it's all different agencies, private companies, doing bits here and there. The Government should go and look at how other countries deal with homelessness and think about a different way of doing things.
I used to take scrap metal from abandoned buildings. There can be a lot money in it and it is tempting to do that again sometimes. But I've been in prison for it, in six different countries, and I don't want to end up there again.
This time last year I was in a motorhome. Before that I was in a static caravan. Before that I was in an old French police riot van for a year and a half (it wasn't being used!) So I have no idea where I'll be this time next year.
My message to my customers for the next year would be: thank you. Keep buying the magazine. Selling the magazine is better than stealing scrap metal for a living, isn't it?
 
Macca, 46, sells Big Issue North in Bilton, Hull, UK
If I could be granted three wishes, basically it would that my family, my partner and myself had excellent health next year. I'm not bothered about wealth, just health, that's the most important thing. The second wish would be for something to happen that would try and address world peace. And the third wish is that I hope to get more customers to help me earn a living.
In 2017, I want to do a creative writing course. I like writing and some of my poems have appeared in Big Issue North. I'd like to progress and see if I can do something with that.
I think the UK government needs to prioritise local people. I know there are a lot of other people who need our help as well but I think that our own people should be given a chance first. Homelessness needs more funding. And there should be some kind of scheme where people can volunteer and then earn credits to help pay them towards where they live.
The world is on edge at the moment, wondering what Donald Trump is going to do and what he's capable of. I hope the power doesn't go to his head and it doesn't affect the people of the world.
I also fear ill health. I don't want myself or any of my family to have any health problems. In 2017, Hull is the Capital of Culture and hopefully things will be moving onwards and upwards here.
This time next year I'd like to be secure in my own employment. I'd really like to own a van and do odd jobs, but I need someone to help me out with that. Basically, I'd like to be secure in some kind of full time work and have a regular wage coming in, that would be the ideal situation.
To my customers: thank you very much for your custom and support. Even those that don't buy the magazine but come have a chat with me. That brings a smile to my face, because I know that I'm seen as a human being because some people look down their nose at you. So thank you, for supporting me during these difficult times.
 
Mkhululi Maqgabi, 29, sells The Big Issue South Africa in Cape Town
My wish for 2017 is to start my own business, as it's not easy getting a job. I'm thinking of learning to sew or sell meat. I hope to be able to make enough to buy my own car.
I think that the government should give homeless people a grant to sustain themselves or teach them skills to work. I also hope the government - and sponsors - give more support to The Big Issue, as it helps vendors a lot.
I am afraid that 2017 will see an increase in crime because of the lack of jobs and government being corrupt.
I'd like to wish my customers a blessed year - respect yourself, as things start with you.
 
Linda Kölsche, 52, sells Draussenseiter in Cologne
My wishes for 2017 are good health and many years with my dog, who is my best friend. I also wish for more accommodation for homeless women with a dog.
Personally, I would like to achieve the following: Learn how to write good articles. Sell many papers - not only to earn money, but also to raise awareness for the Draussenseiter. Boost the popularity of the association that I just established to support homeless women.
What the government could do better: Allocate funds in a more socially fair manner. They could also consider opening up refugee shelters to homeless people when spaces become available, instead of leaving them empty. They could develop new alternative forms of housing, support these, and relax the regulations to allow homeless people to also stay on campsites.
What I wish for my paper: Coverage of even more political issues. Acquisition of even more readers. For we have a great deal to say.
My message for next year: Pay attention, don't walk away. Every homeless person has a story to tell and suffered misfortune. More tolerance!
 
Hans Speckhart, 58, sells Kupfermuckn in Linz, Austria
For myself, I'm wishing for better health in 2017. I spent a lot of time in hospital this year and I was even in real danger of dying. This year, we're celebrating the 20th anniversary of Kupfermuckn. I've been there for almost all of that time, and I hope that it will always be there.
Aside from the small disability allowance I receive, I need the income from selling the paper so that I can keep my little flat. I hope to spend more time with my regular customers. I'm starting to find it difficult to stand for a long time at the shopping centre. On the 13 June we make an annual pilgrimage up to the church on the Pöstlingberg, one of Linz's famous landmarks. As a child I suffered from polio and 52 years ago my mother took me on this pilgrimage for the first time. Since my mother died, my friends from Kupfermuckn have come with me each year.
We need more affordable housing provided to us by the state. In the free market, homeless people don't have a chance. Welfare benefits and the minimum wage (social assistance) are no longer enough to lead a comfortable life. Costs are being cut, but in the wrong places.
In 2017, I think Kupfermuckn should be published more frequently, maybe every two weeks. It should also cover more current issues, so that it appeals to more readers. I also hope that we can find more supporters and sponsors.
The politicians in Austria seem to be completely clueless and have no perspective. I don't expect any social progress from this government, as they seem to create more problems than they ultimately solve.
This time next year I hope I am still alive, if my health permits. And if possible, still in my beloved SolarCity [an energy-saving living district, which provides living space for about 4,000 people] where a lot of people know me and support me personally. This year a customer even gave me a TV! I would like to thank him here once again.
My message to my customer would be keep buying and reading Kupfermuckn, because there you'll find the true stories about what's going on. Without this paper, many of us vendors would never be able to break out of the vicious circle of homelessness.
 
Jean-Guy Deslauriers, 60, sells L'Itinéraire in Montréal, Québec, Canada
My wishes for 2017 are happiness and prosperity. A roof over everyone's head and lots of love all around. Over the next year I hope to recover fully from my throat cancer treatments. Get my energy back. And keep on loving humanity!
In 2017 the Canadian must really address the problem of homelessness. Show some real political will. Find permanent solutions.
My fear for 2017 is that people aren't taking the environment seriously enough. We have a duty to ensure a clean environment for future generations. Let's stop over-exploiting our natural resources!
This time next year I'd like to be right here at L'Itinéraire. They are my family!
My message to readers would be: continue buying street papers. Continue encouraging those in need. When you buy a street paper, you help people get their lives back on track, offer some financial security and pass the message that we are all human beings and we deserve a fair treatment. Let's stop prejudice aimed at the homeless. They are people that require help, not judgement.
JOYEUX NOËL À VOUS TOUS! (Merry Christmas to you all!)
 
Snezana Pusica, 50, sells Liceulice in Belgrade, Serbia
In 2017 I wish to live better and to make more money from selling Liceulice. I hope to make some progress in selling the magazine and to become one of the best vendors in next year. And also I wish to meet more new and interesting people.
I hope that the government increase social benefits for vulnerable people and to create jobs so that everyone have the opportunity to earn money for themselves and their families.
I am afraid that the magazine Liceulice stops printing in the next year. And that would mean that many vendors will lose their jobs.
This time next year I would love to be in the same apartment with people that I love.
I'd like to tell everyone not to forget to read street papers because this is a good way to get informed on many interesting topics that are rarely discussed in the mainstream media.
 
Goran Petkovic, 41, sells Liceulice in central Belgrade, Serbia
My wish for 2017 is to persist in the decision to quit drinking. And I also wish to find a girlfriend in the next year.
I hope that I will earn more in the next year in order to buy better food and to buy clothes. In general I hope to have a decent life. I would like to be in my house and to have good therapy. And to spend time with my pigeons.
This year, our magazine had a serious financial crisis, so I am afraid that this will not happen again next year. I hope that the magazine will continue to print and also I hope that vendors will earn even more money. I think the government should provide more help to the organisations that support the homeless. And also the government should provide more shelters for homeless people in our country.
I would recommend to our readers to continue buying the magazine because when they buy the magazine they help the most vulnerable people. And also they can always read something new and interesting.
 
Bernard Russell, 66, sells One Step Away in Philadelphia, USA
My wishes for 2017 are peace, health and wealth. Next year I want to be a better person. To be financially independent. I think the US government should start to tackle homelessness in the next year by putting a lot more money into affordable housing. But I fear that our new president will start a war. This time next year, I'd like to be in my own home.
 
Howie Ellis, 50, sells One Step Away in Philadelphia, USA
In 2017, I want to achieve financial freedom. I hope that One Step Away is published twice a month and gets more endorsements. This time next year, I'd like to be in Florida or Aruba. To street paper readers I'd say: never give up.
 
Jeff Greene, 64, sells One Step Away in Philadelphia, USA
My wish for 2017 is the healing and blessings of the American people. Personally, I want to develop an understanding of how I can make life better for people. This time next year, I'd like to be much more involved with my community.
 
Nikos Kakavaladis, 28, sells Shedia in Thessaloniki, Greece
In 2018 I wish for things to go better for everyone, and for those who have lost their smile to regain it. I hope to find a job and to be able to smile at people more!
Our government could stop being indifferent and concern itself more with homeless people.
I hope that Shedia can continue to offer as much love and solidarity as it already does.
I am sometimes afraid that times will be difficult, but we mustn't give up, because hope is the last thing to die. That would be my message to street paper readers: however difficult circumstances may be, don't ever give up. Always look on the bright side!
 
Nikolaos Konstantinou, 61, sells Shedia in Thessaloniki, Greece
In 2017, I hope we will see economic growth in our country, so that we can stop our young people emigrating in droves.
The government could make use of whatever public buildings are available to house all the homeless people, so that we no longer have to witness this situation. I fear that in 2017 many more properties will be sold at auction, which will exacerbate homelessness.
Thanks to its style and choice of topics, Shedia has gained regular monthly readers. I hope this will continue next year.
I don't want to send out my own message. Instead I'll borrow the message of one of our readers: Buying a street paper isn't an act of charity, it's about sharing, and it gives us the strength to go on together.
 
Eileen V, 55, sells Street Roots in Portland, Oregon, USA
In 2017, I wish for peace in people's hearts. This time next year, I'd like to be working full time to get out of SRO (Single Room Occupancy) Housing. I think the government should stop renovating buildings for the rich and make them into affordable housing.
I'd like to tell street paper readers that to us, selling Street Roots is a job. Don't judge us. Instead, respect us, because we are all only one paycheck away from homelessness.
 
Mike Lang, 54, sells Street Roots in Portland, Oregon, USA
My wish for 2017 is to gain a full time job and housing. To tackle homelessness in the next year, the government could put a cap on rent and have lower prices for rent. To my customers, I'd say, you don't know what you're missing unless you actually read the paper.
 
Rüdiger sells Strassenfeger in Berlin, Germany
By summer 2017, I want to complete my training as a healthcare assistant and find a regular job-at the hospital Charité in Berlin if possible. I'd like to have stability to my housing situation and go on vacation again.
The government should create more welfare housing. They should make it easier for people suffering from debt to find housing. They should cover the full costs of the emergency shelter operated by mob e.V.-and not just part of them.
My worry for 2017 is that nothing will change for the homeless in Berlin. It's not as if the new left-leaning government soon to take over in Berlin can just reach into a safe and take out money.
 
Steve Zeuner, 37, sells Straßenkreuzer in Karolinenstraße, Nuremberg, Germany
My hopes for 2017 are peace on earth, less poverty and more social justice. My personal aim is to sell more magazines.
The government could help homeless people by building more housing and ensuring that poor people or, for example, those who have been in prison have the chance to live in their own home.
I'm scared of terrorism. I'm afraid that it will increase in 2017. Populists are unfortunately receiving a lot of support. I'm afraid that there will be more meaningless slogans, that extremists and Nazis will become popular again. I hope that I am wrong.
This time next year I'd like to be somewhere warm, because it's cold in Germany at this time of year. Maybe the Caribbean: that would be great! Spending Christmas Eve on the beach next to turquoise seas... yes please!
 
Donald Morris, 63, sells StreetWise in Chicago, USA
StreetWise is a top priority for me in 2017 - getting magazines and selling them and being able to keep on and keep making the customers satisfied with the product we produce. The big thing is going to be getting interested in my customers and my customers getting interested in me and promoting the magazine the best way I can because sales are very important and tie into how you communicate with your customers.
I got to learn how to deal with Trump and his administration and what we're going to do while we are going through 2017. My fear is that in 2017 we will go to war with Iran or North Korea or something that is going to take away from the vendor force, that people 17 and up would be forced into that type of matter.
Some homeless people, a job can be the answer to their problems. Other homeless people need a more intense program like StreetWise where they have to generate their own hours and learn how to work and have a work schedule and people trust in them, they have to learn how to people trust again. It's a lot of different things we have to deal with because there are so many different types of homeless people. Some need to go through drug programmes, alcohol programmes. Others probably need to deal with their social contact problems that they have.
This time next year I'll be at StreetWise, doing what I do. Dealing with a walker, dealing with physical therapy, getting back on my feet and working with my stroke conditions and taking my medications the right way and listening to my doctor and really knowing what this man is telling me and how I'm going to be obedient and let this thing work for me.
 
John Hagan, 46, sells StreetWise in Chicago, USA
In 2017 I'd like to have more money to travel because I haven't travelled outside of the Chicago area in three years. I would like to go to Miami, Las Vegas or LA.
Jobs, jobs, and jobs - that's the key to tackling homelessness. Have people stop being dependent on government and start being self-sufficient.
To street paper readers, I'd say: hang in there and see how it works out. Never give up.
 
Steven Riggs, 49, sells StreetWise in Chicago, USA
In 2017 I want to be able to pay rent somewhere. I'm tired of being homeless. Right now, I'm staying with family, and it's hard on them, so I need to be able to pay rent somewhere. Right now, I can afford to pay a good $400 for rent, maybe $500. I'm looking for a place where $400-500 is market-rate. So if you run across any places, let me know.
In 2017, I'm looking forward to building more customers who buy their magazines with a credit card since I just got my Square and gear to take both Apple and Droid Pay. There's also a portable magazine stand that I'm about to purchase, and I'm looking forward to using that in 2017. And I want to be able to pay rent somewhere. Those are my main three goals.
The government needs to promote StreetWise and come up with more similar programmes! New programmes don't necessarily have to be selling a magazine, but they could be selling t-shirts, socks, shoes, books. I would also make it so that it's legal for people to sell bottled water and cut-up fruit, because those could be big money-makers for people who are homeless, but right now it's illegal to sell those. I used to have my peddler's license, and those are hard to get now, so if we had more programmes that let people sell products without having a peddler's license, people can build up their own businesses and help themselves. I would just make it easier for people to be self-employed.
I would like to see another movie about StreetWise. I would even like to see a book about StreetWise. I'm even thinking about doing a book-maybe I can say everything into a recorder and give it to someone else to write. I wouldn't mind seeing a pamphlet all about one person like the profiles we do in the back of the magazine. I would love to dig deeper into people's histories and find out what kind of work people used to do, how they lost their jobs, how they lost their shelters, and what they did to gain that back. All that's not an overnight thing, and there's more to be said about everyone's stories. We could even put together a collection and that could be our book.
My biggest fear is going back to jail for something I didn't do. I just spent six years in jail for something I didn't do. I try to stay out of the police's way, but a lot of the people that I share my story with and talk to outside of StreetWise are criminals! Just to make it plain, they're doing some illegal activities, and they're cool to me; we've got the utmost respect for one another, but I don't want the police to roll up and know what kind of activity someone else is doing and just lump me in with the crowd.
I would like to have my own one-bedroom or studio somewhere on the North side in one of the neighbourhoods I sell in. Maybe even Uptown. I just want to get a place on the North side so that I don't have to travel so much to get to work in the morning. I want to be able to furnish it with a flat screen TV, a full size bed, some cooking sets with measuring cups, thermometers to check the temperature of the meats, a knife set-because I love to cook.
Street papers don't just exist in Chicago. They exist in different cities, different countries, different continents; it's a worldwide program, and it's worth keeping alive. It's one of the best programmes around because an individual can actually work their way out of poverty or work their way out of homelessness. I want the customers to know that street papers are worldwide, and when you purchase a StreetWise, you're not just helping me as a vendor or StreetWise in Chicago; you're also helping the International Network of Street Papers. INSP shares articles with all the street papers, and when you support StreetWise, you're telling INSP that Chicago's content is worth sharing in other parts of the world. Your $2 is going to vendors like me, but the impact of your $2 is going all over the world to help other papers and vendors you've never met.
 
VW sells StreetWise in Chicago, USA
In 20917, I wish to get established in my disability benefits. According to their requirements, it's looking as though I will get approved.
I believe that a lot of the rich people, the very wealthy people, if they could step in and join forces and use monies that they would be willing to donate, to give away to provide housing for those, to put an end to homelessness. I'm assuming the city doesn't have funding so it would be wonderful for people to donate funding for those who just cannot get housing and provide supportive housing for them.
My fear is that there are people who have mental illnesses who don't bathe and eat out of the garbage, which is harm to self. And these people need to be taken care of.
This time next year I'd like to still be a StreetWise vendor and stop procrastinating and get things done. Some things I want to help contribute ideas to humanity, I have influential words to say that would be effective, I think.
 
Robert, 56, sells StreetZine in Downtown Dallas, USA
My wish for 2017 is to get a job and have my own place. My fear is panhandlers-they ruin our business. My message to my customers for the new year is: keep reading!
 
Vicki, 64, sells StreetZine in Downtown Dallas, USA
My wishes are better health, more money, and a house. I hope the government will provide more shelters and more programmes to end homelessness. My fears about 2017 are that I won't have enough health insurance; and there will be more violence (everywhere). This time next year I'd like to be in our new home and still selling STREETZine. Keep hoping and praying for a better life and a better world. Never give up!
 
Constance Deckert, 40, sells TagesSatz in Downtown, Göttingen
I hope for good health for me and my two kids in 2017. I hope to have more regular customers, in order to have a more predictable income selling the paper.
I wish the government would support the homeless more and offer help to reduce homelessness. Especially in winter the government should provide flats or at least heated rooms for the homeless in order to keep them from sleeping rough. There should no longer be people freezing to death!
My hope for TagesSatz in the next year is that many reports from our streets should be published and I hope it to be as interesting as it is now. I wish for us vendors to be written about in the paper and to deliver our part in writing articles and handing in pictures.
I´m worried about the presidency of Donald Trump and that the world will change.  I´m afraid that even more women will lose their human rights and will no longer be respected by men.
This time next year, I'd like to be with my boyfriend on an island, not necessary a lonesome island.
 
Detlef 'Rocky' Bernhard, 58, sells TagesSatz in Downtown, Göttingen
I´m not a fan of changes, only if it changes for the better. So my wish for 2017 is that it will all stay the same. I want to stay healthy and I hope my customers do too.
My fear about 2017 is the AfD, the new right wing German party. That is something we really don´t need.
I wish for good health for me, my friends and my customers and that they keep buying the street paper TagesSatz for a long period of years from me and my fellow vendors.
 
Sheila White, 55, sells Street Sense in Betheda, Maryland, USA
My wish for 2017 is for the world to just get along. My goal is starting school and finishing it. This time next year, I'd like to be back in my own apartment and completing one year of college.
My hopes for Street Sense is that we have over one thousand vendors. Also that we have a women's group.
To help solve homelessness, the government could spend more money on building affordable housing and repairs on old ones.
My message to street paper vendors: be safe when selling papers, remember to always be polite.
 
Vicky B, 54, sells The Contributor in Hermitage, Tennessee, USA
I hope that this next year my son and myself along with our dog will be in a permanent place and out of this hotel. While I'm so thankful for a roof, it's time to sit at a table and eat dinner instead of on a bed. It's time for me to do some baking. I love baking. I'm wishing for a bike to save on bus fare but, also not ruling out a car one day.
I'm afraid of losing this hotel room as bad as it is, it's all we have. I'm blessed to have it, so many don't even have that. We use to have a car to sleep in but, not anymore. We would have nowhere to go and that scares me so much.
[The government in] Washington is used to doing things the same way and getting the same bad results so, I think they need to get back into the communities and see the problems, those slipping through the cracks, the people that it's not working for. Talk to the homeless; have some of the homeless be on a board. Who knows better how to help the homeless then the homeless themselves? They need to change the programmes that they've been funding since the 30s and start programmes that will work for these changing times. Renter/Landlord laws need to be looked at as well, and changed. Transition programmes need to be in place for those wanting to transition out of these roach-infested hotels. Washington doesn't like change but, they'll have to get used to it for this growing epidemic called homelessness.
In 2017 I want to see copies of The Contributor in each home in Davidson County, Tennessee. I want it used as a tool for families, schools and churches to discuss homelessness. This would start conversations about what other communities are doing about the homeless in their state and adapt the programmes that are working.
This time next year I'd like to be the voice of the homelessness. I want to be a law-changer, a difference-maker, of course I want a home to decorate for the holidays.
My message to readers is this: Keep buying it, it's working. Keep reading it, it's working. Keep sharing it, they're learning.
 
Hasan Ametovski Hari, 52, sells Lice v lice in Skopje, Macedonia
My wishes for 2017 are peace, stability, good health, success and prosperity. I'd like to see understanding among people from all nations.
Next year, I hope that I will be with good health to be able to earn better income in order to solve my housing problem. I would like to be in the same work position as I am now - as vendor in Lice v lice. But, I would like to be in a warm, cosy and peaceful home. I also would like Lice v lice to be monthly magazine, not bimonthly.
I would tell street paper readers that we need support in the year coming also. I would like them to present the magazine to their friends, colleagues and to spread the word on street papers. I would also like to wish them good health, success and many wishes fulfilled.
 
Ilfeta Regjepi, 17, sells Lice v lice in Skopje, Macedonia
I'm expecting my first newborn in May or July next year and my greatest wish is for the baby to be healthy, well and happy. I truly hope to be a good mother to my baby.
I know that we are not in a position to return our debts, so I hope that the government will invalidate or forgive them.
I'm afraid of becoming homeless in 2017. We are in huge debts and fear losing our home because of this. I want the public to smile at us when we approach them. I don't want to be left behind and to be treated as if I don't exist.
 
Armando Redjepi, 19 sells Lice v lice in Debar Maalo, Skopje, Macedonia
In 2017, I want to be employed in a good and decent company that treats its employers with dignity. I want to become mature and to become independent from my parents and family.
I want the government to start being honest with people and to see reality as it is, not to lie us. I want them to increase social benefits, but also to give more opportunities for employment of poor people which are capable of work.
I'd like to see vendors travel in different countries and to see in person what is it like to be vendor in different street papers. I'm adventurous and I like travelling a lot.
 
Armando Sadik, 21 sells Lice v lice in Debar Maalo, Skopje, Macedonia
My plans are to get married and to form a family in 2017. I want a steady job and I want to be employed. This time next year, I would like to be on vacation in Popova Sapka [famous winter holiday resort in Macedonia].
The government could give more possibilities for employment. I want them to do something so there are no more poor people. I also would like the government to raise the salaries of all people. I fear political riots.
 
Amy Dover, 36, sells Speak Up in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA
My wish for 2017  is to get the strength back into my leg, to have a home for myself and to be able to say it's my home.
My hopes are for Speak Up to grow and for more people to read it because it is about real people with real stories.
My message to readers is: be happy no matter what you are going through and keep your faith in God. Keep your head up. Don't give up on your dreams in life.
 
Dewayne, 41, sells Speak Up in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA
My wishes for 2017 is to get a home or camper for Amy and I so we can get our daughter back and be happy. I'd tell readers: "Stay clean and sober and always remember that God loves you."
 
Craig sells The Big Issue in Melbourne, Australia
My wish for 2017 is to get a two bedroom place so I can have my daughter visit me - I want to spend more time with her. I have fears about losing my daughter when it goes to court next year. I think the government should use empty building to lease out to house and support the homeless.
I want to say thanks to my customers for supporting me this year. I am pursuing visits with my daughter. She is almost nine. She is very good at running. I want to find a two-bedroom house so that my daughter can come and visit because at the moment I am in a rooming house so she is not allowed to come there.
 
 
Thank you to our translators: Denise Dewey-Muno, Iona Mortimer, Sophie Zest, Else Gellinek, JC Jenkins, Translators Without Borders.
Courtesy of INSP.ngo
