
August 11 — 11:46pm
August 12 — 6:30am
August 12 — 7:19am
August 28 — 8:11 pm
August 25 — 8:20 pm
August 26 — 9:53 pm
Sunday, October 2nd 2016



One Man’s Journey
Entries by Vince Shumate

Day 1
August 11 — 11:46pm / Jacksonville, FL
I have to leave Jacksonville. [Boarding the Greyhound bus.] Interesting start to my venture to Asheville. 


Day 2 / On the bus

6:30am 
First stop and we pick up my most dreaded thing to be stuck on a bus with. Dirty diapers. This time, not on a child but a 5-year-old.  
7:19 am
Here comes the positive attitude. I'm smiling. Beautiful sunrise. Thinking about your open mike stand up comedy fodder.  

8:05 am
Finding amusement in life through mindfulness.



Day 15
Asheville, NC
I've been to Paris, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, London, Brussels, Long Beach CA, San Juan, etc.  Asheville has them all beat, hands down.

Day 16
August 26 — 9:53 pm 
I'll try and get messages soon, including clues of where my journals are buried.

Day 17 
August 27 — 11:48 am
There's a restaurant near the top of Park Square. I went in to ask them if I could sweep up their sidewalk. Trash, cig. butts, condoms, you name it. I was suffering from my usual OCD: Options, Choices, and Decisions. They must have thought I wanted money, which I didn't. I walked a block down the street and borrowed a broom from a parking deck attendant. Went back and swept the place clean. Then Karma kissed me on the lips. Minutes later, I traded one of my ideas of "Karma Spoken Here" for a t-shirt design to  a shirt shop owner. He gave me a 30 dollar Rolling Stones shirt. It didn't stop there. On my way back from the Graffiti bridge where I always try to catch the right sunshine, a car pulled up beside me and offered me a biscuit and fruit juice. We spoke for about 15 minutes and me not asking for even a nickel they handed me 41 dollars and two bags of biscuits with juice.

Day 18
August 28 — 8:11 pm
I'm sorta' stable now, but not clear headed enough to make much sense or continuity. Maybe I'll just buy another black and white composition book and fill it up and FedEx it to you. I  may send it to you, Kid Rock, or Willie Nelson. Definitely coffee table book fodder. Asheville/Ashereal is scaring the hell out of me. All for good reasons. I think I discovered how this town became so laid back.
Day 21 
August 31 — 5:35 pm
You know what a sky jack is? They keep leaving the keys in it two blocks from my bridge canvas. $300 a day to rent one. Three years of my life if borrow it.

Day 22 
Sep 1 — 10:41 am
Hurdle them! If this causes a smile on anyone's face, my day has been made.

10:53 am
What are ears for? To pick up audio signals. What are they not used for? To reply instead of listening. 

Day 40
September 19, 2016
I’m in J.F.K. ADATC in Black Mountain, NC. I didn’t come to detox or rehab. I came here because I had an infection in my left leg causing a lot of pain and a lot of swelling. I was told to elevate it and use ice packs. When a lady at Asheville Memorial asked me if I was depressed and/or needed detox, I said yes to both, thinking I’d kick back until they evicted me for not going to classes. After all, I know everything. I could teach those classes. I should have remembered one of my own quotes. “When I was 16, I thought I knew everything. When I was 32, I learned I had a lot more to learn. When I turned 48, I realized I didn’t know shit.” 
On day two, they started in on me about attending classes. I signed a “72.” A “72” means they had to release me in 72 hours unless a doctor was willing to swear that I’m a danger to myself or others. The next day, a male counselor tried to talk me out of leaving. He wanted me to try to attend class even if I needed to prop up my leg. He said if my leg still hurt or got worse, I could get back to bed. Since I was stuck here for at least three days, why not attend? Well, guess what? I found out I don’t know everything. There are so many kids (18-25) here addicted to heroin, it is sad. I thought I had it bad! These kids made me realize how good I do have it. I’m also using this time to see how the staff interacts with the patients—knowledge that will help me get my Peer Support Specialist Certification.

The need to elevate my leg brought me here. Serendipity has kept me here. I needed mental recovery as well as physical; I just didn’t realize it until I was here 5 or 6 days. That episode in Jacksonville scarred my brain. These recurring nightmares I’ve had since May 18 have to stop. They have started me on a high blood pressure medicine that has a second effect of stopping/blocking dreams and nightmares—at least til I’m going to sit down and talk to a shrink. I saw him today, and he said, “You’re the P.T.S.D. guy, right?” I said yes. This might be an idea for an informal study. 

This morning as I was staring at my breakfast plate, acknowledging my gratitude for what was in front of me, I started thinking about what I would be eating if I were on the streets. Somehow that got me thinking about “Quality of Life” here in rehab and about quality of life on the streets—which is going to strike on September 29. When rating quality of life, it must be rated on the here-and-now basis. It also got me thinking about housed people’s quality of life vs. homeless people’s quality of life. I rated mine, at the moment, at 7. I asked the nurse who was passing out medications how she would rate her quality of life. She gave herself a 4. I wonder what the sum of ten housed people would look like compared to the sum of ten homeless people.

I must have really needed to get off the streets for a while. I gained 14 pounds from 144 to 158 in 7 days. 

I’ve heard about Black Mountain for years. I first heard about this detox from my alchy (alcoholic) friends in Wilmington years ago. They said it was sweet. Believe me, it is. I’ve heard from several sources that JFK charges the insurance companies of those covered $880 a day. I can believe that. I’ll be charged about a dollar a day. Bed, meals, 24 hours medical care, drugs, doctors, security, and the list goes on. 

I have no idea at this moment of where I’ll go upon discharge. I may try to stay in this area. I may head to Greenville, SC, to a program called Turning Point. I’ll let you Google it. 
I want to be more tenacious of my sobriety this time, I think. I know I’ve got to leave here sans self-pity. Poor me, poor me, pour me a beer. That’s what will happen if I don’t. 

My homework tonight is “What’s keeping me from having a relationship from myself?” It’s for me and my relapse classes. 


A Horse Named Sobriety
By: Vince Shumate

On October 10, 2014, a trusted and close friend gave me a horse. I didn’t know why because they knew I didn’t really trust or like horses. This horse was known as Sobriety. For five days straight, this horse and I gave each other the stink eye. I planned on getting rid of him as soon as I could find a socially-acceptable reason for his departure.

On the 6th day, I was transferred to another city hundreds of miles away. I left Sobriety in Wilmington to fend for self. Somehow, that damn horse beat me to Goldsboro. I spent 9 days at work., 24 hours a day, hoping that when I exited the building that Sobriety would have gotten bored with his new owner and found somewhere else to go.

No such luck. There he was at the door but with a little less stink in his eye. I got a ride to my new home with a co-worker hoping and wishing we could lose Sobriety. He beat us there. The next morning he was standing beside the stoop when I went out to the front porch…

Day 45
September 24

My next door (next room) neighbor skipped/escaped [the rehab center] the other day. Two other guys have been evicted because of their sexual innuendos directed at the females in our cafeteria. I wrote a letter to my treatment team yesterday morning requesting a one-week extension. It was approved. My discharge date is now set to be on October 6. October 6 also happens to be my birthday. I’ll be 55. I’ll consider everything that happens that day to be my birthday present, good or bad. My being in rehab-present. My being discharged from rehab-present. Me going to some type of living facility-present or me living on the streets again-present. 

If I keep a positive attitude and make gratitude lists, I won’t let my mind wander around and let it settle on thoughts that are not healthy or actually detrimental. My month here at Black Mountain will be one page in one chapter that I’ll always remember.

Day 47
September 26
 
Yesterday was a Sunday, and about the only thing I had to attend was a N.A. meeting. Having all that free time reminds me that I’ll have a lot of “free” time when I leave here. There will be a big void (vacuum) in my life without rehab and alcohol. Nature abhors a vacuum. I’ve found it also applies to my mind. When I’m alone, I’m with bad company. I’m going to connect with a program called Bridging the Gap. It’s a program offered through AA. It’s put together to help ‘newcomers’ make the transition from rehab to the ‘real world.’ I have to call them at least a week before my discharge. I’m so forgetful, I’ll have to write a reminder and tape it to my mirror.  I’ll probably forget to do that unless I proof this letter about 20 times. 

I learned about five years ago that I have O.C.D. No, not the kind you just thought of. I have options, choices, and decisions. Having someone that can function as a wise sounding board will help me with all three.

We have an apple tree about a hundred feet from the dorm’s front door. Yesterday, I saw Sobriety out there munching on the apples that had already fallen. When our eyes met, they were sans stink. Just like before when I first rode Sobriety, I was in a new town with no friends and no knowledge of what’s out there. Why not trust Sobriety again? She’s given me no reason not to. It was my own fault that I got knocked off her in Jacksonville, May 20. We were galloping along and I saw a low branch ahead of us. I ducked, but not low enough. I was swept off Sobriety like a golf ball off a tee. I must have landed in a precarious fashion because the extent of my injuries was finding that my head was up my ass. It took about 4 months to begin recovery. On September 7, I... That was a part of my “A Horse Called Sobriety.”

If I had some help from a person who’s familiar with how to write books, I believe I’d have no trouble expanding on this theme. Actually, the first time I fell off Sobriety, I was thirteen years old. Just suffered a few bumps and bruises. When I was 26, I was not on Sobriety and nearly lost my life. Well I did lose it in a certain way. That would be the longest chapter of the book. 
	
I have a problem that I’d like to address before leaving [rehab]. I’d bring it up in group therapy today, but I won’t due to time constrictions. Whoa, whoa. Karma strikes like a bolt of lightning! 
	
As I was writing about my problem and expressing it in group, the psychiatrist walked in and sat down beside me. We talked nearly half an hour about my recurring nightmares. The talk was very helpful. I asked him could borrow a DSM—Diagnostic and Statistical Manual. It’s used by psychiatry professionals to diagnose mental disorders. I told him the DSM was missing a whole category. He said, “I wasn’t aware of that, what is it?” I told him my picture should be in it. Next to my picture would be a long description of the new category of “Gone Feral.”  He laughed, but not as much as some other doctors I’ve told that to. He said that I’m not feral now but added that feral would have been his diagnosis for me when I first arrived. I was not a happy camper. Now I’m just a scared camper. Scared of that next low branch. That’s me, afraid of something that I’m not even sure of it’s existence. 

My list of to do’s upon discharge goes something like this. Bridge the Gap, hit a meeting, go to LensCrafters to try and get glasses through their “One Vision” program, if it still exists and if I still qualify. I’ve done it before, about 4 or 5 years ago. I’m about blind.

Aloha, I am, VS

Day 48
September 27
On my second cup. About 20 more to go. I don’t stop the caffeine until I get wired like a substation.  

I have Janine, who is responsible for helping figure out where patients can go after discharge, stepping and fetching. I asked her yesterday if I could be discharged to Haywood Hospital.  Asheville Memorial – went there three times about my knee and leg. One X-ray and two MRI’s later they diagnosed my leg to be infected and started antibiotics, without even taking a culture from my leg.  Went from there directly to Black Mountain – no Insurance – treat’em and street’em. This time, the hospital changed that up a bit. Can’t pay, drinker & depressed, we’ll hand him off to Black Mountain; we’ll even give him a ride there. 

I’m not complaining about being here. My concern is my knee. The pain has never dropped below 7, even after 800mg Ibuprofen. My knee doesn’t feel “sturdy” if that makes any sense. I know I won’t be able to do any manual labor that requires a lot of physical exertion. Even when I’ve had to walk fast so I wouldn’t be tardy for a class, the pain level goes up to about 12. I don’t know if I should go to the hospital or directly to a malpractice attorney. 

Day 51
September 30
Writing letters helps me feel connected, lessens the loneliness, allows me to vent, and hopefully makes someone smile.
 
The battle for the top of the pecking order continues…One guy got thrown out yesterday for threatening another patient. It’s down to two now. They’re both young and cocky. Imagine two 25-year-olds, white, hat bills off center by 45 degrees, pants hanging low, corn-fed, country, rednecks attempting to out-stupid each other. Regardless of who they believe eventually wins, everyone else here sees them both at the very bottom of the totem pole.  

It’s no wonder the probability of relapse is 80 percent for the people leaving rehab. I’ve been to countless rehabs and detoxes and, though I’m not claiming to be an expert, just by observation it’s easy to see that only 20 percent actually want to be here and give the program a try. I think the other 80 percent is composed of court-ordered, family-ordered users making a “pit stop” to get energized so they can make another run. [Under a] wife-ordered ultimatum, homeless [are] going to “five-star hotel vacation” [with] people confused and people who are check-deserving, mentally-ill...and it also happens to have a substance-abuse problem.

When I was moved from detox to rehab, there were about 20 of us here. Now we have a full house of 30 people. We’re about elbow to elbow. I don’t want to hear others’ conversations, but it’s almost unavoidable at times, especially during community meetings. I’ll try to score some ear plugs today. The negativity is so thick you could cut it with a knife. I’ve noticed the negativity is almost contagious.

My outdoor environment is fantastic today. The air is crisp, clean, and sweet. The mountains are trying to pierce the clouds. Geese were flying in a V, honking loudly, flying east actually (to find a mountain pass?). Sunflowers and gladiolas near the door. Squirrels everywhere dropping so many acorns you could use a hard hat just walking to the gazebo. Newly-mowed lawn reeking fresh chlorophyll.

Quality of life here and now?  It would be 8.5 if I had a cigarette.
Hasta Luego, 
I am 
VS 
Day 53
October 2, 2016

Gracias Matt, 

I asked one of the staff if they would pull up the picture they took when I was admitted. I told her JFK should give all patients a before and after pair of photos. She agreed. Now my mission is to convince administration to incorporate it as S.O.P. I’ve enclosed my intake photo. My caption is, “Just another Piece of the Puzzle Looked Down Upon.”  This is probably the most residentially-challenged looking photo of me ever taken that isn’t a mug shot. 
 
Remember when I said I don’t like usable things going to the landfill? I was rooting around our craft closet and discovered some wallpaper sample books. Seems like someone else (Recreation Therapy Coordinator?) realized the mixed media artists’ gold mine hiding between the corners of these big-ass books. I liked the way the light reflected, the pattern, and colors of one sample. Reminded me of holographs. If I had walls, I’d push pin a piece up on one of them. 

I’ve been thinking about what mental benefits I’ll take with me when I leave rehab. I’ve already heard all the education information – many times. This round of rehab, I’ve really looked deeper and been more mindful of everything and everyone around me. When it comes to this rehab, facts, figures, and especially statistics ran on me like water off a duck’s back, only because I am looking for the deepest meaning I can take away from here. I’ve found some hiding in plain sight: acceptance, honesty, and fear have to be the top ten. I’ve come to the conclusion that no one needs to be an addict to find [that] information gained here is very useful, almost required, to live a richer and fuller life.

“Realistically, I’m a very abstract person.”— My take on a similar quote that’s attributed to many different people, “Superficially, I’m a very deep person.” 

The package was a multi-faceted surprise. I was elated to get anything in the mail. I have been so disconnected to the outside world, I probably would have been glad to receive a hospital bill, so you can imagine my giddiness when I saw it was Speak Up on the return address. I’ll try to get my thought and emotions on a timeline. Surprised to get mail from Speak Up. Shocked (happily) to see my in the magazine. In awe at the $25 paid for my article. Very, very pleased to see the words you put in ink. Especially the, “keep sending.” I felt a whole lot less alone after getting it. Funny thing, because I hadn’t realized that loneliness was even on my agenda of things I need to work on. 

Bridging the Gap is going to pick me up and give me a ride to a meeting. I don’t know what in the hell I’ll do next. LensCrafters, hospital to find out what’s actually wrong with my knee, attorney’s office if not satisfied with hospital treatment, risk management at the hospital, stashing a bag of clothes somewhere, say “Hi!” to Doug – a friend who oversees Pack Square, and, unfortunately, a beer thought will pop in my head. Sad but true. How I act after that thought is completely up to me.

In the right here, right now, I’d give that thought about a 30% chance of developing into insanity again. Not good odds, I know. I’m really going to keep H.A.L.T. at bay…being Hungry, Angry, Lonely, or Tired is fertilizer for insanity to grow. Having one [symptom] of HALT is not good. Having two means it’s time to get inside myself and think; having three is time to hit the brakes and call someone; having four…I’ll put it this way, I’ll go to jail or I’ll die or I’ll end up back in another/same mental institution. Never fails. If I let all four happen, it’s on. 

Addiction’s a bitch. It’s like walking around always knowing, feeling, sensing death that’s as close to you as your own shadow. 

Thanks for everything, especially the good feelings that arrived with the package of magazines. I’m checking out Thursday, 
Peace be with you,
I am,
VS

Day 63
October 12
Outside, picnic table, 8:30am, not a cloud in the sky, country pop in the background, guys playing corn hole, and sun warming my back. The air is sweet, and the mountains seem to grow taller every day. 
	
My counselor was the one to suggest another week’s extension; not for more work on my addiction but to try and confirm some type of housing—to fill in that blank place on my discharge summary. Guess what? It’s blank and will probably remain so. I need to take care of a couple drunk and stupid charges (open container, camping inside city limits). Also need glasses. 20/60 in one, 20/80 in the other. Add to that partial paralysis in right eye due to damage to the 6th optic nerve. And most of all, I need to find out what’s really wrong with my left knee. If I walk fast, it feels like someone’s wiggling an ice pick under my kneecap. I don’t walk fast.

There is no sense in moving into an Oxford or other halfway house if I am unable to work [or do] physical labor. I need to get my Career Readiness Certificate sent to me from Goldsboro before attempting to gain employment from a company no requiring grunt work. I was one point away from receiving a platinum certificate. I only took the test to satisfy a company in Goldsboro. They didn’t care if I got a bronze, silver, gold, or platinum. They just wanted to see if I could get one.  Maybe I should add it to my curriculum vitae. Maybe one day I’ll hang it on my bragging wall. Ha ha. 
	
So as it stands right now, I’ll be sleeping rough again. For the time being at least. I’ll get glasses, my C.R.C. and hopefully my leg fixed. 

I may come back to Charlotte and stay for a while. Will try and get a bed at Sober Living America. I’d give anything to be free from addiction. I have a few friends in Charlotte I haven’t seen in about ten years, so seeing and hanging out with them will be eventful.  
	
I’m going to send you a story about perspective, perception and boxes.  I am using boxes as an allegory for people…such as not being able to see all sides from a single point of perspective, not knowing what’s inside, guessing what is inside simply by size and appearance. Comparing the sides of a box to the facets of people. I’ve started the story a couple of times and only made it to a few paragraphs before it made me stop and rethink how I assess people. So I know it’ll make readers think and hopefully pass the article around – if it gets published.  
	
I will be on my Chromebook by Thursday evening. Maybe I’ll send you before and after photos of me. I obtained a copy of the one taken upon admission. I’ll do a selfie for your comparison.  You’re going to be amazed at the difference. Too bad you won’t see the 24 pounds I put on. I don’t do belly selfies. 

“The most beautiful lips are those that speak words of kindness.” – author unknown
Till later, I am, VS. 

Day 64
October 13
Just went to the courthouse to check on my court date status.  Shortly after I got to Asheville I set out to break any records for getting the most tickets in the shortest amount of time. I got six tickets in eleven days.

Day 65
Oct 14
Walk a mile in my shoes and you'll want yours back after the first ten steps.

Day 71
Oct 20
I have not been in handcuffs lately.  Not even collecting tickets. 

Life was not looking too good this morning.  Life is excellent. I can always put a positive spin on life.  

72
Oct 22
Not sure where I am mentally.  Woke up not sure about life being worth the pain.  This has gone on for a few days now.  I just feel loneliness.  I'm attempting to flush self pity and toxic shame.  I almost walked up to the hospital this morning with a request to be jabbed with Thorazine. I think it's just the fact I felt so alive and vibrant a little over a week ago and now the pain. I've let myself down.  I have no one to blame but me. I know where the pain originates and yet I keep pouring in the poison. Maybe it's time for me to stop.

Day 74
Oct 23
What if I tired of sleeping in a tent and shivering all night?  What if I wished I had on clean pants, shirt, and I don't even want to think about socks?  What if I decided to get something to eat?  It's only been about 7 days since I ate.  What if I had a toothbrush?  What if I had glasses?  I mean 20/60 in one and 20/80 in the other. What if I had a friend to talk to?  What if I wasn't swimming in self anger? And self pity.
What if I got off my butt and did something about correcting some of the things that leave me in tears? That's what I'm going  to do tomorrow morning.


Day 76
Oct 25
Morning
The parking lot where I have my tent was beside a vacant building. I was shocked to see a roll-away dumpster being delivered on the lot at 7:00 this morning. Apparently they are getting ready to renovate the building.  I explained to a worker exiting the building that the tent was a temporary thing and was planning to try and get a bed at the rescue mission.  He said it was OK. He didn't tell me if he was the owner, contractor, or laborer. I don't even know if my tent is still there right now.  I went to the day center to check on housing, address for me to use, and other needed help.  They told me public housing could be as much as a year and a half away.  They warned me at Black Mountain that the Rescue Mission is BAD. I was told at day center that the rescue mission requires guests to be in at 4:30 PM and then guest are required to attend church service every evening before going to bed.  I'm about to explore other options and will write back very soon.

Evening
I went down to check the status of my tent and belongings about noon today.  A Mexican guy asked me what I was doing back there.  I told him about this morning's scare and he said it was OK with him about my leaving a tent there.  We talked for awhile and I asked him if he needed any help with the demolition work.  He told me he would work me Thursday at 8AM.  He said he may have some work for me tomorrow but he wasn't sure.  If he likes my work he said he has jobs coming up all over Asheville.  I'm getting to walk down and make sure the tent is still there, just in case.  I'll let you know how it turns out. I can see myself needing boots and gloves if this pans out. Real work is a possibility! Keeping my fingers crossed.

Day 77
Oct 26
Morning
This is my second day without drinking a drop of alcohol.  I'd been weaning myself off of it for a few days.  I thought I'd have a little more strength by now or at least an appetite, no such luck.  I forced down a cheeseburger yesterday and ate half an Italian sandwich today.  When my nerves get shot I don't get hungry.  I'd hate to fizzle out in the first few hours of a job. Basically I'm just trying to stay hydrated with lots of water.

Evening
I didn't work today but hope to do so in the morning.  If this job can become a steady gig, meaning if my knee and hernia hold up, I'm going to try to get a bed at the Asheville Starvation Army.  The first two weeks are free then 60 bucks a week thereafter.  I'd like to get enough work to save up $120.00 so I will have a solid month's structure to strengthen my sober webwork I'm doing now.  If the job doesn't work out, who knows?  That tent scene is really getting old—and scary, even for me.

Day 80
Oct 28
I've gone to the Starvation Army twice now.  This time they told me to come back Monday at noon to see the manager.  Been sober for about three days now.  Gaining strength like crazy.  My appetite is back and in full force.  I applied this morning for my food stamps.  The guy said I qualified for emergency assistance so I should be getting more benefits in 10 days.  Still sleeping on cardboard behind a tree at one of the churches.  It's not as bad as some of the places I've slept.  I've been told the weather is unseasonably warm.  It's been dry and no rain is in sight.  I'm lonely right now.  The guy I know from rehab is gone for the weekend so I don't really have anyone to talk to that really knows me.  I guess it's mostly self pity talking.  It seems everywhere I look someone has someone else.  I'll get over it. 

Day 83
Nov 1
I found $100 cash while walking the sidewalks this morning looking for ducks.  One hundred dollars in front of a trash can waiting for the perfect timing for me to walk upon it.  A minute or two earlier or a minute or two later and it would have been someone else’s.  So far I've been a good steward of it.  I've tried to pay back favors that others have done for me and continue to spread the love.  Pay it forward.

Day 86
Nov 4
The rain at two o'clock this morning caught me by surprise.  Fortunately it stopped about 45 minutes later. I still got a little wet.  Suppose to get down to 38 tonight. My little lightweight blankets aren't going to cut it. If the Salvation Army doesn't have a bed tonight I guess I'm in for some shivers. My lady friend still hasn't emailed me. She said she has a sleeping bag for me.  I may go down to the river arts district and try to find out where she works. I'll probably ask her to adopt me for a day or two. I could really use the rest and a shower.
I'd like to go to a print shop and get some signs made.  "Trespassing Encouraged"

Day 90
Nov 8
I'm still under a holly tree at the church.  Been checking like twice a day at Salvation Army for a bed. I was told by a gentleman at veteran’s shelter today that the housing possibilities in Asheville are abysmal.  People all over the sidewalks in sleeping bags early in the morning. 
I'm going to try and contact Sober Living  America in Charlotte.  From what I've been told at rehab is that you can't reserve a bed, just show up and see what's available. 
I finally got an appointment for an eye examination and glasses at LensCrafters tomorrow at 3PM. I had to jump through more hoops than a circus cat to get that accomplished.
I have a court date this Thursday to answer the charge of blocking a sidewalk when I was writing in my journal. I may end up asking for a continuance and requesting a public pretender to represent me. That may have them rethinking the possibility for a dismissal.

Day 91
Nov 9
I have court tomorrow and might be around for a few days, but I can't keep roughing it, at least in this weather.

Day 93
Nov 11
I'm sort of in dire straits.  It's suppose to get down to 28 tomorrow night. I've been trying to get a blanket and or sleeping bag from local resource centers, with no luck.  I've been told when the cold starts to set in, open spots are hard to come by.  

