What you assume or understand about homelessness may not be completely true. We would all benefit from leaving preconceived notions at the door and reading the following article with an open mind.

To truly begin to understand what homelessness is, you must first understand that not everybody chooses to be homeless. There are thousands of homeless people in the area, and everyone’s reason and story is different. The most common reasons are the loss of a job, not making a living wage or not getting enough hours. Without a living wage, people can’t pay their bills and secure housing evaporates. It’s a series of rocks and hard places. 

The problem with being homeless is that it’s next to impossible to get back on your feet. There is always something that gets in the way and slows you down. It is this demoralizing pit that causes you to feel hopeless and not see any way out. You eventually get accustomed to living on the streets. It becomes your world, and you do whatever is necessary to make it out there in that world.
 
There are so many people who want to get off the streets, but they do not have the resources nor the support system to make the transition from the street to a home--and remain there. Yes, there are support services, but they can’t do it all. We shouldn’t expect them to either. What is required is a firm hand and a willing heart from each capable citizen to come alongside the homeless individuals and build relationships and connections. It’s hard work, but so are most things that are worth doing. 

What can we do to help those homeless who are willing to partner with others in order to escape that demoralizing pit? They are the ones who don’t want to be out on the streets and need immediate shelter, such as the families with children. When dealing with the homeless community, you need an understanding of the different types of individuals who are living on the streets. The basic classifications are:

Mentally Unstable
Those who suffer from one or more mental illnesses and do not have the support system (friends and family) to come alongside them and assist them in holding down steady employment.

Addicts
Those who either use or deal drugs and develop mental illnesses as a result.

Uneducated/Untrained
Those who do not have the knowledge or skills to obtain and maintain gainful employment.

The Educated
Some have college degrees and are homeless because they can’t find employment in the areas they studied.

Lifers
Those who choose or are forced to make a lifestyle out of living on the streets. There are many reasons individuals may choose to make a lifestyle out of living on the streets. Unfortunately, a small proportion prefer not to work and would rather manipulate the system to secure the services they desire.

Physically Disabled
Those who cannot work because of illness or injury.

Convicts
Those who have made mistakes in the past and now have tarnished legal records. From the moment they step back into civilian life, they struggle to secure employment. If employment is secured, it is generally a low-end job which rarely amounts to a living wage. 

There are many things that need to change as a community, and we cannot ignore them if we are going to help the homeless. May the change begin with you.
