It’s been 13 months since your first appeared on the cover of the Speak Up Zine and were interviewed. What has changed since then? 

My living situation has changed a few times. That’s about it. Not too much. Everything’s been great.

What’s the biggest thing you’ve learned in the last year?

The biggest thing I’ve learned is that people are going to be themselves, and you have to let them. You don’t really have a choice in letting them be themselves, but be all right with who they are and their personalities. Everybody’s not going to be the person you want them to be, but they’re going to be their own person. But that’s wonderful in itself because that’s the way they’re going to be.

What’s been really good in the last year?

Everything! Family. Friends. Everything’s been pretty good even though I’ve had little problems come up. But still, even with the problems, I’ve learned to laugh and enjoy it ‘cuz you know it’s all part of life.

You’ve written a lot for the Zine. Why do you write for the Zine?

I like writing for the Zine because a lot of times I get to share some of my testimonies with other people. I just share some things that I go through, and let people know that everybody’s going through something. It’s OK. It’s part of life.

In one of the pieces in the Zine, you wrote about the incredible story of God providing for some of your needs in a really unexpected way. In the last year, have you seen other instances of provision?

Oh, every day! It’s not even on a large-scale basis. But I feel like everything is possible with prayer. If you’re living right and try to live your life in the way God wants you to, everything will be provided. I don’t have a lot, but I don’t want for anything. I see stuff like that every day. I don’t worry about it because I know it’s coming…and it does, without question. Basically, things that I need always come to me.

How do you stay so positive?

[chuckle] I think that I stay positive because I’ve been through so much negative stuff, and I’m still alive and able to share that with other people. I like to be able to share with people that, yeah, you know you go through negative stuff but it’s OK. It’s over with. You can still smile. There’s no point in dwelling on the sad stuff and dragging it around ‘cuz it’s not gonna help you at all.

What’s something that you like to have with you at all times?

My lip gloss.

What’s a recent positive encounter you’ve had while selling the Zine?

I always have a lot of good encounters. People tell me, “You know, I don’t see a lot of people out here trying to do something positive or do something to help the next man.” I get that often.

What’s a recent challenging encounter you’ve had while selling the Zine?

Hmm…I can’t really say I’ve had any challenging experiences. I really don’t have any problems.

What’s the most important thing you do every day?

Wake up and thank God for waking me up and seeing another day.

Who is the person you are closest to?

I have a strong connection with all of my family and friends...Blessed.

You see a lot of people who are struggling to stay off the streets and keep afloat. What’s the best way to help them?

I offer people the opportunity at Speak Up and let them know how it helped me…how it could potentially help them. I try to help people if they ask for help. I don’t really want to be too pushy. You ask them if they’re all right. Is there anything I can help you with? That’s how you know what somebody else needs.

There’s this guy I know who works but makes very little, and I told him about this other program that will help him, but he’s not interested. He’d rather just try to do it on his own. The only thing I can do for him is just pray or be there if he needs someone to listen to him.

What do you want your life to look like in five years?

I will have my own non-profit started. I even have a name for it. It’s called Kids for Community. It would be recruiting kids in the community to do stuff to help the community [like] cleaning up, taking out the trash for older people. Just doing stuff in the community to improve it or to teach them that they can change things just by doing small things in the community. You know, to keep kids busy ‘cuz there’s a lot of kids out here that don’t have anything to do. No direction. So I’d like to start something like that. I’ve been reading books and learning how to start it.

How has Speak Up affected you?

I was little bit more quiet and reserved when I talked to people as much as I do now. It’s helped me realize that my life is in my hands, in my control. Just like if I’m hungry, I can go out and sell magazines, make a profit and be able to take care of it. 

You’ve written about a lot of spiritual things, your testimony and some of the things you’ve gone through. What’s a spiritual truth you’ve seen play out in your life?

That with faith and prayer, any and everything is possible.
