
Sometimes I wish, hope and pray for a better day. Even as I go through my darkest hour, in the cool of the day, there comes something to brighten and cheer my day. I say to myself that I will live to see another day. Dark princes give orders to deceive me. The lies and deceit are great, but I have a Friend and a Savior who covers me. We have a bond that cannot be broken. He covers me with His love, grace and mercy.
If I don’t have a piece of bread and shelter, His love comes and provides for me just in the nick of time. He is always on time. I was crying and being asked some questions during my darkest time—after losing a child to the court system and my mother had passed away. I was so disoriented after losing my housing. I felt hurt and abandoned. People did not try to comfort me but laughed at me instead. They tried to rub it in my face. In time, others would encourage me saying, “Have God fill you.”
I tried to stop worrying and hold on because I knew that God was with me. I knew that I could and would survive in the cool of the day, in the midst of the storm. I knew there was hope of a better day. Today, I can see His breath and know that where there is a will, there is a way. There is going to be a better day. 
Family is so important. It brings me joy to see the little things, like a child playing. I pray for the day to see us together again. It brings a tear to my eye when I can’t see my children’s faces. Joy in a smile brings memories of the great times we had. No one can take that away. I remember cooking food for family, knowing that God above brought the day of harvest. We would reflect on a brighter future together, never to lose our time and love. We did not take for granted that what we had was one in a million. That kind of love comes from Jesus.
A mother’s love is next to nothing. She is always loving her children and praying for them, asking God to protect them from hurt, harm and danger. A mother plants seeds of agape love which is a perfect love. There are so many negative powers that try to destroy families. In the cool of the day, the Savior comes in to deliver us so we can gather again.
Our Savior gives new, living water to drink. I find a peaceful attitude now. People have been placed together again. Laughter, understanding and spiritual growth has entered through the door, something that cannot break down. He brings joy to the sadness and pain. He offers new beginnings of family. He leads us to enjoy the fruit of our labor, a house of love amidst a world filled with anger and evil. An army of family made by His hands. We’re just waiting to see our Lord.
