When I planted a tomato seed in the potted soil, I knew it would one day produce an abundance of fruit in the garden. 

I believe that I used to be a careless driver on the streets.

Actors and actresses live very interesting lives.

Everyone has a moment in their life when they feel relief. 
Today, when I completed my computer class, I felt relief. 

There are a lot of things that I need to be thankful for in this life.

When I was sitting at the café table of the Harris Teeter, I was eating eight pieces of baked chicken. Someone stopped and asked, “Are you really that hungry?” It was Tuesday afternoon. I had finished the Writing Workshop at Speak Up. I was very hungry. I caught the bus to Harris Teeter on Central Avenue. I ordered eight pieces of baked chicken in a box. The taste of the chicken with herbs and spices was very savory. As I was sitting there at the café table enjoying my chicken, a customer walked by me and sarcastically said, “I can’t believe you can eat all that chicken.” I felt as if she was implying that I was being selfish. I didn’t immediately take offense to her comment. [But] then she said, “Are you really that hungry?” 

They have no idea what childbearing is all about. 

Harry [Griffin] has always been very patient during Writing Workshops. 

I need to exercise more on a daily basis. Instead of walking, maybe I’ll play tennis or do yoga.

Church in the City Women’s Shelter has a big bookshelf that has Bibles from all over the world.

Jesus said, “I bring you peace that the world cannot offer.”

LESS

African American is no less than Caucasian American.

Poor people’s value is no less than the rich and famous.

God values me no less than a single sparrow.

Since I was diagnosed with diabetes, I eat less food than I should. 

Thrift store prices are less than regular department stores.


Give me one reason why I cannot become a US Citizen. I have worked hard my whole life, paid taxes, and followed the rules and regulations. I have always been obedient to God and the church. I try to act and confess as a real Christian and improve myself. I just don’t understand why the US government cannot give me a good reason why they do not provide my legal documents and papers.


