The Day That I Died
by Vanessa Keith in Charlotte, NC

My daughter’s birthday was January 14, 1998. I was 8½ months pregnant. I started the day thinking I was going to cash my check. Lo and behold, my baby was coming. I went to the doctor’s office, and he had me to sit there. They called my name and checked my vitals. My God! they said. My blood pressure was way too high. Go to the hospital across the street! 

The doctors did not call 911 for help, but somehow, I made it across the street. I admitted myself to the emergency room. My doctor was there. They took me to surgery for an emergency C-section because my placenta was in the wrong place. Not good. They had to separate it from the baby to make a safe delivery. But there was a bigger problem. I was losing too much blood. I passed out. I’ll just say, darkness and then boom! I fell into a coma for four days. They searched for my family. They did not know if I was going to survive!

My daughter was left alone and just wanted for me to come home with the birthday supplies. My daughter was crying, “What about me?!” The news got to [my family] about what happened. I just knew I had to go home and take care of my family. I opened my eyes just one time, I could see my family come one by one into the room. There was so much crying! “Momma, wake up!” I just was not ready. As they left my room, I wanted to go with them. 

That night, my bleeding got worse. The doctors had to do more surgery. I had no blood in my body. They got me fresh blood from different counties, just for me, my special blood type. It was a success. I just had to rest now. My baby rested with me at the hospital’s baby unit. He’d had some problems at birth. He did not breathe for a few minutes, so they brought him to life. With every breath, he came back to this life as a survivor also. A miracle of life. Momma was just fine also. 

I lived and died at the same time. And, like Jesus Christ, I lived again in just four days! I am a miracle of that. God gave me again my life just in the nick of time!

What a miracle God gave me. I left with all my memory and talking and walking with the normal after effects of childbirth. God is so good! God gave me my life back to start with my new son!
