(536 words)

My Two Lives
by Jennifer Milton in Charlotte, NC

I have been granted two lives in one lifetime. One lonely, one loved. One lost, one led. One selfish, one selfless. 

One would think that having the diseases of alcoholism and addiction is a curse, but I have come to find that it has been my blessing. Thanks to the AA program, I am being taught how to utilize this blessing for the good of others.

Ever since I was young, I always had the feeling that something was different about me. I just never seemed to fit in. I grew up in a good home; my single mother did the best she could to provide for me and my older sister. Our home in public housing was a safe, drug-free, and Christian, despite what was going on around it. 

Insecurities and anger inside me began to manifest around the age of 17. I began drinking and smoking marijuana because it was what everyone else was doing. The difference was that when others could stop, I found that I wanted to keep going. This began a pattern in my life. 

I called myself a functional alcoholic. I could maintain a job and started living on my own at the age of 18. I believe that I always knew that I had a problem but didn’t understand what it was. I sought help from doctors, institutions, and even the church, but nothing stuck, so I accepted my short stick in life and tried to move on as best I could. 

My son and I went through ups and downs, from living in treatment centers to my own three-story condo at one point, with periods of sobriety. But my personal demon always reared his ugly head after a while. There were some good times, but I always had that feeling that something was missing.

Fast forward to the present: I am living with my sister--I’m unemployed, recently released from jail, with no personal transportation or money, and recoiling from the shame of losing my home and job due to my alcoholism. 

All this taken into account, I am happier, more grateful, and more at peace than I have ever been in my life! It seems crazy, right? This is what I mean when I say that my curse was actually a blessing in disguise. If it had not been for it, I would have never found the AA program. One of our sayings is, “There is a solution.” 

Many people think that AA is just a place where people drink coffee and tell stories about the drink, but this is not true. I have found that AA is a design for living. I have learned that I have a perception problem, and that my being so self-centered was the root of my problem. The thing I felt I was missing was my higher power! I had church, but I was still trying to lead my own life. 

Now I really do feel like I have been allowed to live another life. With the help of my sponsor and the program, I feel like the possibilities are endless. I have hope today. I currently have been three months sober, and I am working toward self-sufficiency.
