I have made unhealthy choices, both financially and otherwise, full-speed ahead, recklessly in pursuit of self-destruction. Back then, it was called fun. 

I don’t recall writing into the script of my life the scene called, “Rock Bottom,” but there it was waiting patiently for me. Oh, my God! What a rough landing and rude awakening, to say the least! I still have the lumps to show for it. 

The one thing I learned very quickly was that I was quite thankful for surviving the crash landing of ending up on the streets. The next order of business was overcoming this dilemma. Not an easy task, especially when you want to “pull yourself up by your bootstraps,” but those bootstraps either move just out of reach or manage to maintain a pace one step ahead of you. More troubling than that is they’re non-existent!

All right, I got me down here. Now to get me out. 

One of my pastor’s sermons was entitled, “My Destiny is Calling Me Out of the Pit,” and to this I equate homelessness. One must stay focused and fixated on overcoming. It’s a process. One of my battles was tempering depression and its first cousin, oppression. Despair and loss of self-esteem is a very dark, daunting, and scary place. 

No doubt for me, staying focused was and is the foremost order of business. That means “stick-to-it-ness.” The order in my life begins by putting my higher power first--my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. 

I took an inventory of myself, separating such deviations that would have me backing up instead of moving forward (like Paul said in Philippians 3:12-14). Then there were issues with my drinking. I also had to be selective of those I associated with. The Apostle Paul speaks on this matter in 2 Corinthians 6:14-18. 

It has been hard work, but now I’m really finding fun. Real fun.

Since I’ve corrected my steps for the direction of my life, I’ve started to enjoy the benefits of having a job. Now I try to look good whenever I can. Unless I’m doing manual labor, I dress to impress--mostly to impress myself. 

When I feel good about myself, I move forward--reaching goals, reaching and teaching others. 
