




Life on the road. It's always a challenge living on the road. It was a little different in the 60s and 70s, but not really so much.

I remember one trip when I was 16. I had gone to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, to look up a friend who I knew from the past summer when I was traveling with the carnival. He was not there, but I met his parents. When I told them I was a friend of their son, they welcomed me in and treated me like their own. They let me shower, they fed me, and gave me a bed for the night.

This might not seem like much to you, but this was in the Deep South in 1967, and I had been learning about racism first hand. I hadn't seen a white face in two days, and I was beyond scared. My friend was black and this strange white boy showed up at 10 p.m. on his parents’ doorstep. Needless to say, they were quite surprised. It was only by the grace of God that I was still alive. When they saw me standing there, I think they knew that was true. The next day, they took me to the freeway on the edge of town and dropped me off.

Those were the days when everybody hitchhiked to move around the country. I would seldom stand more than 15-20 minutes before I'd get a ride. One day, I walked until early afternoon, then decided to head across the Everglades to the western side of the state. I had to get away from where I was. Later in the afternoon, I got a ride with a Native American couple. They took me about 10 miles and then offered me a place to stay the night. I accepted.

We headed off a few miles down a dirt road to their home. It was an old wooden shack with rooms full of bunk beds. It looked like several families lived in this one house. We went out back by a big bonfire where we dropped a hook and line in a ditch on the edge of a swamp. We caught a whole mess of small fish that we gutted, stuck on a stick, and roasted over the fire. I was then shown where I could sleep.


In the morning, I was given a ride back to the two-lane black top road heading out across the Glades to Naples. It was 72 miles across, and I had 62 miles to go. About 24 hours later, I arrived at Naples. I had walked the whole day and through the night. I only saw about seven or eight cars the entire way. I passed maybe three buildings with an outside light on, and the rest was the dark of night. The sounds of the swamp at night were something straight out of a horror story, and I was hoping I didn't end up in one. Even though I couldn't see where I was going, I knew I didn't dare stop. 

This was just one weekend in the life of a teenager living on the road in the USA.
