In the closing of January, I asked my daughter whether she would be in church on Sunday, February 1, 2015. Cathy’s answer was that she was not sure because of a cousin’s funeral in Bennettsville, SC. I always ask Cathy about whether or not she will attend church as though I’m actually expecting a different answer than, “Yes.”
Cathy teaches Sunday School for the young people at our church, Greater Temple Baptist Church, where the honorable Brenda Caldwell is our pastor, aka “Little Dynamite.” Whether or not Cathy has other plans, in most cases, it’s first and foremost for her to fulfill her obligation to God, the Sunday School class and the church. 
On that given Sunday, I already knew I did not have bus fare to get to church. Nonetheless, I got up and dressed as though I had a pocket full of money. I’m a firm believer in the saying, “If you take one step, He’ll take two for you.” This brings to mind that song with the line, “I’m sold out, my mind’s made up.” 
Cathy picked me up and asked me if I wanted to go with them to Bennettsville, SC. I told her I would pray about it and let her know after church. Cathy said, “I’m leaving right after my Sunday School lesson is done.” She never leaves out how everyone there always asks about me. It’s been over forty years since I’ve visited Bennettsville. Having said that, I quickly prayed, and said that, yes, I was on board as well. To keep me interested, Cathy and her Aunt Diane boasted of the good home-cooking sold at the Piggly Wiggly in Bennettsville, SC. My answer: “Are we there yet?”
As we traveled east on Highway 74, we made phone calls and used internet navigation applications to realize our destination. As it turned out, my daughter’s cousin’s funeral was in Hamlet, NC. Upon arrival, we saw the large number of people who attended the funeral, counting chairs, those standing, and those still trying to get inside. The funeral was for a 29-year-old.
Muhammed Johnson had a going-home celebration that had us making statements like, “One would have thought this person was a politician or a dignitary or the likes thereof.” We were very impressed. I’ll be careful with my comments because of the nature of his death (gang-related). I was absolutely elated listening to all the wonderful things being said about Muhammed by the young and old alike. 
My thoughts reflected back on the homeless community, myself, stereotyping, labeling and racial profiling. People forget that you never know who you’re talking to. On MLK day, I had just left the MLK prayer breakfast, stopped by the Urban Ministry Center to check my mail and was labeled an “old cowboy just looking for another hit.”
The saxophonist, Rev. Quick, and others said this senselessness must stop! Galatians 5:15: “But if you act like wild animals, hurting and harming each other, then watch out, or you will completely destroy one another.” It is written how we should discern that which is of the Lord and that which is of the devil. Also, as we know so well, “The devil comes only to kill, steal and destroy.”
My prayers and blessings to all.

