It was a very hot, humid day in August. While my children were outside playing, I came up with the idea of a family road trip - a surprise for the kids, an adventure of a lifetime, a trip to Disney World in Florida. My next to oldest daughter told me as we got into the car that she was my co-pilot and would talk with me to keep me company as I pulled out into the highway traffic. That is when I started to ask her how she was enjoying the trip. She was sound asleep. She was sitting there with a smile, her hair blonde like the sun. I listened to the radio with the air conditioning running full blast. I then decided to find a gas station to refuel and use the restroom since they were far and few between.
I then took my seat in the passenger side and my daughter moved to the back. I fell asleep in the front seat, and the kids were covered with a blanket that  belonged to my oldest daughter. It was pink and had Strawberry Shortcake on it. It was a big blanket. This blanket made its rounds from covering them in the back seat to covering me in the front, passed back and forth. I felt like we were doing a round robin with it. When we were out of Tennessee, we found a truck stop for some desperately-needed sleep and restrooms.
On day two of our trip, we were riding along, and the kids became over-anxious. I got them to concentrate on playing a game finding the letters of the alphabet in the road signs, trying to keep ahead of their lack of interest in the game. I then got them to tell a story on a certain topic, like a horse on a farm. This horse was pulling a wagon down a dirt trail with colored leaves in the fall. The farmer had just collected a day’s worth of fruit and vegetables from the fields and orchards. The children were anxiously waiting for the farmer to unharness the horse so that the children could feed it, brush it and put fresh straw for bedding in his stall. This horse was a beautiful brown color like a chocolate candy bar, and that is how it got its name, Cocoa.
When we finally got to Florida, the kids were so excited they couldn’t wait to start taking in all the sights. I told them that after a good night’s rest, we would start early in the morning. We went to Busch Gardens to see the  wonderful Clydesdales, got caught in a thunderstorm, and found out it isn’t safe to walk outside in them. Then we went to Mickey’s birthday party and to Sea World to see the Orca whales, Beluga whales, and go charter fishing. The kids got to swim in the Gulf of Mexico.
This was the greatest time of my life - spending the greatest summer and seeing my children enjoy a vacation they have never forgotten. These are the best family memories a person who is experiencing homelessness now can remember.
There are always good times to remember.




