About Earleen: I am 50 years old. I thank God everyday that I don’t look my age. I try to do what is best for Earleen. All my life, I have had the best of everything. I did not want for anything. I was in a very good environment. My mother was and still is a good mother. She had ten kids and [cared for] some of my aunt’s kids. She was the best. She worked in ten feet of snow--any kind of work my mother could find, she did it. Work was all she knew. She did not depend on anyone but God and herself.

Mother did not let us want for anything. She is 87 years old now, and she is a very strong lady. I learned a lot of things from her. She was always very clean. We were raised to be just that. She always made a way, so that’s what I am trying to do for myself. I kept my mom for 15 years, and then my sister came and took over. I could not get any help with my mom. I found out she has Alzheimer’s disease. It hurt me so much because I knew it would be a long and very hard process. But I did it, and now my sister is doing it. But she has help. It is a big difference when you have help. It is not easy, but I was not going to put my mom in a home. No way. She was so good to me. She did not deserve that. It was my turn to take care of her. So I did what I had to do as a daughter.

So anyone out there who has someone in their family that is sick, do not turn away. They will not last in a nursing home. Do not let anyone [else] take care of them because it is not going to work. Show them love and give them the strength to go on. They will last. If you don’t, they give up and die.

I lost everything: my car, house, clothes, everything, but it was worth it. My mother still lives, and I am very proud of myself because I did what I was supposed to do. Now God will be with me, and I will receive my blessing. No matter what happens, I am blessed. So don’t give up on your dad, mom, brother, grandma, whoever. Take the time to take care of them. It is not easy. Take care of your loved one.

Now I am trying to get back on my feet. Seems like I have been in this hole for the longest time, but it will pay off. With God’s help, your help, somebody’s help, I will make it. I believe that. So I am still trying, and I am not going to give up on myself or life.


