Interview with Earleen Mingo
Interviewed by Matt Shaw


Where are you from originally? 

I was born and raised in New York. We would come down here [to Charlotte] when I was about 13. I have been on and off, back and forth, from New York all my life...that is my city. 

Where are you living right now?

I’m living with a friend. I am trying to get out on my own. Tired of staying with people. 

What is the best memory you have from growing up?

Playing Double-Dutch Jump Rope with my sister. We used to play it all the time in New York. 

What person has meant the most to you in your life?

I have always been close to my mother. I stayed with my mother all of my life. We were always close. 

How did you learn about Speak Up?

One day, I was downtown, really struggling and trying to figure out what I was going to do next. This lady asked me what was wrong. I said, “I don’t know what I am going to do.” And she said, “Do you want a job?” She brought me to Speak Up.

Where do you sell your magazines? 

I sell my magazines just about everywhere, but I sell mainly downtown. I have a lot of customers there. They really like me a lot. 

What has been your most positive experience while selling Speak Up?

Meeting a lot of nice people. I love meeting people, and they have given me a lot of inspiration. 

How do you like to give back to the community and help out others in need?
I fill my bag up with sandwiches, gloves, and whatever they might need. 

Have you been homeless? 
Yeah, but I always wind up keeping myself off the streets. It isn’t easy, but I try to stay safe. I’m working toward getting my own home right now.

Tell me about your family.

My nieces and nephews are awesome. They don’t even know that I am in this situation. I’m trying to build myself up on my own without their help. Whenever I get to that situation where I can’t do it on my own, I will ask them for help. My family is nice, good, strong-minded, and all of them are church-going people. 

What’s a recent accomplishment? 
My very good friend was in a tough situation, and I had the resources to him help out. Now he is with his family in Georgia. 

During this time of transition, what gives you comfort?
Basically, getting up every day and going to sell my magazines. It keeps me motivated.

Where do you see yourself in five years?
As the editor of Speak Up.







