Alzheimer’s Disease
by Earleen Mingo

I could not get help from DSS for my mother. I remember sitting in the parking lot, and I just cried. I couldn’t believe they would not help my mom. My mom turned to me and said, “What is wrong, baby?” I shook my head and said, “Nothing. It’s okay.” I went back to the apartment, and she told me, “I’m going home.” I told her not to wander out there or someone was going to get her. She turned around and came back. I knew my mother was sick, so I took her to the doctor. They told me she was in the first stage of Alzheimer’s Disease.  

My job had been paying good money--paying all my bills and I was living very well. Then everything started going downhill. I could not believe it was happening to me. I could not put my mother into a nursing home. I had promised her that I would not put her in a home after she asked me not to do that. I had to quit my job, so I had a month to move out of my apartment. Then I lost my apartment. I still remember the day that I moved out. I had beautiful things like mink coats, oak tables, and over 100 pairs of shoes. I paid a guy to pack and put my stuff in a storage unit. After a few months, everything was gone.

I cried, prayed, cried, and prayed. Wherever I went, my mother went. So I did the best I could until I couldn’t do it any more. I was all alone. No one was there but God. I continued to care for my mother and lived with my cousin for a year. I then called my sister to come and take my mother. My sister moved my mother to New York. After that, I was all by myself with no place to turn. I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t have a place to stay. There was no one to help me. 

One day, I was downtown and a lady asked me what was wrong. I told her. She said, “Do you want a job?” I said, “Yes.” She told me about Speak Up, and here I am. This job at Speak Up helps me, and I don’t feel alone. I am living again. I’m trying to get back on my feet and get my life in order. I hope that I will. So, for everyone who is reading this, don’t give up. God is good all the time. Try to do the right thing, and God will do the rest.
