Trials and Tribulations to Resilience
by Niko


My name is Niko, and my story is a complicated one. I’m not here to write about how I became homeless. That's a story for another sunrise. Instead, I want to write about the great, the bad, and the horrible--the shelter.

I went there after getting out of the hospital for depression. I was left like an infant on the floor having to learn to crawl and then walk. It was new to me, yet familiar, after living in a shelter most of my life in Brooklyn. I’ve heard the stories and seen the eclectic mix of characters. But I still wanted to avoid it all. 

My thought was to sleep the days away in the shelter, and keep the people at bay. I slept more, ate less, and immersed myself in my music and books. I was alone--no family, no friends, just a man plagued with this stigma of homelessness. I remained in a small cubicle area with another man, CJ, who also laid in bed. One day, I decided to say hello. It was on that single hello that I started to claw my way out of the murky abyss that is depression. CJ and I then began to chat with the man in the next cube whose name was JR. The first week I knew JR, I didn't realize that he was blind because most days he walked without his cane. 

I related to both CJ and JR. They became family to me in a matter of months. The depression and mental issues all seemed beatable now that I had these great guys in my corner. Then that night happened. 

It was 2 am in the shower room. I thought I was alone. I was fairly woozy from my mental medication, so I didn't see them coming. A group of men pinned me against the wall and held a rag over my mouth to muffle the cries for help. I was [raped and] kicked around like yesterday’s trash. I wanted to black out. I was feeling weak and woozy. It hurt to breathe. 

I couldn’t sleep, and I spiraled even deeper into the shadowy damp pit. CJ knew something was up that morning. I had the bottle of pills and was mumbling to myself. He informed the shelter’s director of my actions. I had to have a sit down with her and my case manager. They listened to what I had to say--only half true because I was too scared and ashamed to let the whole truth be known. I told them I'd be okay.

I was now under the watch of CJ and JR. One morning, JR dragged me out of bed and made me get dressed. He took me to see a movie. It was a wonderful time because he treated me like a son and gave me words of wisdom like a father. I learned about him and learned from him. It felt so surreal to be out of that place and to get a sense of normalcy. 

I was recently released from the hospital for the second time in the last year after a mental breakdown. Thank you to CJ and JR for providing the laughs and words of wisdom that have helped me learn to crawl again. 

