Homesteading

Interview by Bill Shaw

So you want to protect your identity. Do you have an alias we could use?

Yep, Swamp Thing. My friends will know who that is, and the rest will have no idea.

Swamp Thing, did you grow up in Traverse City?

Yep, born and raised here. I grew up on Three Mile across from the East Bay Elementary School. I graduated from Traverse City High School in 1976...should have been ‘75.  I have family here: two daughters - one in Traverse and one in Buckley. They would like this place, especially my grandchildren. I am waiting to bring them out until I have it fixed up a little more.

Is this your first year camping out?

Oh no, all my life. Back to the basics. Well, not all my life; but whenever I’ve had enough, this is what I like to do. I get away from it all, regroup, get my spirituality in order, and try it all again.
I’ve been in a tent since last spring. I used to live in a cabin I had built between Cedar and Traverse City. I lived there five years. It wasn’t my property though.

How has the wintry weather affected you?

Bring it on. Bring it on. The colder the better. I have wrapped this place with five layers of 30# felt, or maybe it’s 60# - the heaviest they make - and two layers of ice and water shield.

What do you eat here? 

Just about everything. This is my refrigerator. I’ve got hot dogs, ham, milk, bologna, olives, chicken…

Where do you shop? 

Family Fare. Not Walmart, definitely not. It is too big a place for me.

So you’re building this “squatter” home, and people know you are here. How long do you think it will last?

If it lasts until tomorrow, it will be too long. People know I’m here. At this point no one has said anything. I try to stay low.

What would you do if someone made you leave?

Well, I’d probably get my stuff out and have a big bonfire. I don’t worry about tomorrow. I could die tonight.

How is your health?

Not good. I have diabetes and other things. I have blood clots in my lungs. What do they call that, pulmonary embolism? I shouldn’t smoke, but I’d probably die if I quit.

What do you need living here?

Well, I need a box stove. You can’t really go to sleep with this thing [chiminea]. It’s great on a deck, which is what it was designed for, but it’s just a fireplace and embers pop out and you have to be on the stick to get them out. That’s all I need, a small box stove. I know February will be a kick in the butt.

What would you tell others experiencing homelessness?  

It’s out there if you want it bad enough.



