Homeless Hearts
by Carmen Zoungrana in ______
 
Almost everyone at some point in their lives has come into contact with a homeless person. You can recognize the homeless by the way they dress and look. In most cases, they are presented in the form of a person with loose, baggy worn-out clothes clinging to their thin bodies with a head full of unkempt or gray hair. Their faces reflect the masks of sad clowns with the big, droopy eyes of a starving child. Expressions reach out for another soul to revive their spirits and touch hearts because their skin has been severely worn from non-stop exposure to elements of unkindness such as endless freezing temperatures and an infinity of beatings from the sun. Added to those are the quiet things that outsiders don’t know--concrete, germs, plastic, weapons, rejection, invisible walls of other unyielding hearts and words of death. Speaking of sensations, the feeling of emptiness expands boundaries because everyone needs a touch to live. Without it, we are reduced to homelessness; and home is where the heart is.

​Homelessness is multifaceted and misunderstood underneath the surface due to the fact that the definition pertains to the goals and beliefs of the individual or institute defining it. Being homeless is known as the state of circumcision from the outside world due to lack of interconnecting bonds that flows settled people to a network of interconnected social structures. Since these linked bonds are not continuous among some people, homelessness becomes similar to an uncontrollable weed population where even nipping it before occurrence is a difficulty.

​The homeless are a momentary population, moving in and out of numerous forms of adjustments and time spent on the streets. Life is lived out in many categories, and “home” is a common term with many various meanings in both the physical and emotional sense. Home can be the equivalent of an area to be free to be themselves, a place to relax and order one’s life, feelings and experience of home itself which exude moods of warmth, comfort, love, being wanted, family security, and activities within a family. The roofless take up benches, parks, bushes, streets. The houseless stay in sheds, cars, caravans, tents. The precariously housed live in hostels, squats, bed and breakfast hotels, temporary dwelling places, friend’s floors, near evicted or overcrowded accommodations.

​Most of the homeless are not simply people without homes, but a majority suffer from severe problems that are difficult to treat even under optimal conditions: substance abuse, serious mental illness, and family breakdowns. Since most of the homeless seem to live cut off from the rest of the functioning world, they have been diverted into various other groups according to behaviors as a result of the way they live. The various cultures of the homeless include street drinkers, depressive contemplators, clowns, the drug addicted, and day center/hostel groupies. 

Gathering to drink at street corners, public parks, and bus station doorways at varying times of day, street drinkers sometimes imitate transporting bystanders and can take on the role of alcoholics who drink out of hand and maybe translate anger upon their families with physical abuse. 

Depressive contemplators sit in groups while discussing their problems and life before drinking, exhaling the actions of moaning, silence, bowed heads, non-existent eye contact and hardly ever handing out hospitality to newcomers. These are the ones who require major help in areas such as with filling out application forms due to diminished self-esteem which can harbor feelings of suicide. 

One of the most common homeless cultures we come into contact with are the clowns, the ones who seem to animate their own lives with outlandish behavior. These behaviors include laughter, joyful joking, teasing, greeting with hugs, all in order to mask themselves from the outside world. Although these behaviors seem immature, intimidating, and provoking, they can also be used for good by “adopting” weaker roofless people who need looking after. 

Another common and familiar group are the drug addicted. This group doesn’t display itself with various shades of behaviors but remain in the shadows of hostels, squats, stairwells, alleys, and parks. Although their world is painted with danger, drug addicts are the less violent type. 

Day center or hostel groupies are peppered with various degrees of other homeless cultures. Some could be members of the street drinkers and sleep is endlessly interrupted. Others cling to hope and reach out by remaining in night shelters and hostels, waiting for opening time, and can be found sitting on steps, pavement, grass, and any public place while staying away from possible conflict. 

​Not all homeless people are the troublemaking, lazy, beings of society. Some live with real hope to leave that lifestyle behind and seek functioning dependence from others with reliable stability. Homelessness is more in the sense of a problem with control over our own lives and can be weeded out with the right application of guidance.  Some programs exist to untangle the unraveled but should mainly focus on generating a consistency of anchors and effectively pinpoint the invisible roots of homelessness. Fresh and inventive approaches to the homeless scenario can influence others so that the problem doesn’t spill over to the lives of others. A heart needs vessels to function; and where the heart is, there is a home.
 

Cite:
• Megan, Ravenhill. "The Culture of Homelessness." 1992. Web. 22 May 2015. 
%0 Book %T The Culture of Homelessness %A Ravenhill, M. %@ 9781409491446 %U https://books.google.com/books?id=6blTEekWJFEC %D 2012 %I Ashgate Publishing Limited 
• White Jr, Richard W. Rude Awakening: What the Homeless Crisis Tells Us. San Francisco: ICS Press, 1992. N. pag. Print. 
 
 
