(615 words)

How We Equip One Another Through Action

by Aaron Sanders in Charlotte, NC
 
 
While in the midst of the 2009 Great Recession, one of the worst economic periods in American history, that winter I met a kindred soul who asked me to buy a magazine.  At the time, I was passing through Amelie’s Café, unemployed but looking for work. Thinking back on that day, I remember like it was yesterday, how this dude sounded confident while endlessly pitching his wares. He looked the part of someone who was on the rise to respectability and feeling pretty good about his future--as if he was finally getting the opportunity he desired, on his terms. More importantly, he projected that floating-on-air persona of someone who’s found the answer and wants to share it with the world. 

While telling me about his magazine distribution business, he said it was not uncommon for him each day to surpass the previous day’s sales on a regular basis. He described how his business was making him enough money to pay for stuff he needed like a bicycle and a hotel room some nights. This urban Horatio Alger, who basically was working his way out of homelessness, had introduced me to my very first copy of SPEAK UP ZINE. 

Jesus promised his disciples in Matthew 18:20, “Where two or three are gathered in my name, there I am with them.” As children of God, gathered together by the Holy Spirit, I shared with dude about how we are called to serve and love one another through our actions. “When we do things that matter, we are moving forward.” He concluded that together we discover the unique parts of ourselves, and starting small gives us an opportunity to set the bar low so we can start the momentum which comes with starting something that we can always feel good about.
 
As we move in the right path toward what we want to do together, we get the sense that each of us is on the right path; and it also makes us feel secure that together we know what to expect. We can’t be changing our perspective every five minutes, one day I’m this and another day I’m that. In this state, the moment could be different from the previous minute or the next minute. That creates the ideal condition for us to not feel gathered together by the Holy Spirit. But done right, there comes a need for a strong sense of compassion among ourselves because it can be emotionally intense for all of us when too much is too much.  In His name, we unlock all of our potential. We all need to strike a balance between striving for what matters to us and starting from where we are together, however small.
 
I haven’t crossed paths in quite some time with the dude I met in Amelie’s.  But I thank God for everyone at SPEAK UP ZINE, because those ten magazines to start my journey that winter represented reclaiming myself as a hard-working individual.  Action creates opportunity, and as Jesus promised his disciples in Matthew 18:20, “There I am with you.” Surely those twelve men came to really know Him, and surely they believed in His promise when so many other possibilities appeared in their lives through His word.

Aaron Sanders
Writer, Citizen Activist, Candidate for City Council At-Large
(980)208-0670
August 19, 2015
