It May Be Me
by Renee Pop

Hello. It’s me again. Renee. Hopefully, you’ve been reading me along with the other contributors of Speak Up Zine. If so, you’ve gotten to know me a bit along with others. As a reminder, those of us who write for the Zine are homeless, in varying capacities. Some of us are couch surfing. Some of us sleep in our vehicles. Some of us seek temporary shelter in a homeless shelter. Some of us hunker down outside at night, with or without a tent, in blankets and sleeping bags. Some of us can now partake of Safe Harbor’s shelter in the evening and overnight hours. Perhaps you’ve realized, “Hey, some of these homeless folks have brains! Some of them even know how to use a computer! Wow!!”

Yep, this Zine is here because we, the “homeless,” write it.  Of course, as you can see in the credits at the front of each copy, there are many others who contribute by editing, compiling, organizing, sending away for printing, etc. This Zine would not be available without their help. But also, it would not exist without our writing contributions.

Yes, I regularly send in pieces for the Zine. Others decide which of my pieces go in and when. However, this is not my only contribution to society. I, a homeless woman, do quite a lot of volunteer work. I volunteer at multiple non-profit organizations. I give my time. I don’t just sit around, tipping a bottle, looking for handouts. Do not misconstrue, I have had many moments of simply tipping the bottle; hiding from society’s view. 

I have not looked for handouts. It’s not in my nature. But, I have accepted hand up’s--help and assistance from local agencies who want to see me succeed. Who want to see me live, not die. Who want to see me get off the streets and be successful (again).  

I feel better for my contributions to these non-profit organizations--organizations that attempt to give people a “hand up” in hard times. Who try to assist people in succeeding in their lives. This is a way that I can contribute and give back. These contributions of my skills and my time will also work as job references, as I continue to seek employment. They give my life structure and meaning. They give me a reason to feel good about myself.

So, maybe, the next time you see us on the street, you’ll think twice before judging us as lazy, good-for-nothings. It is the homeless who sell the Zine. It is the homeless who contribute the articles in the Zine. In addition, it may be me answering the phone when you are seeking some type of financial assistance, some navigating guidance of resources, or simply a listening ear. It may be me at the register when you purchase concessions. It may be me taking your ticket. It may be me welcoming you to the viewing of a film or to church.

It may be me.
Renee Rop  11/05/14
