One White Feather
For Jenny by Mark Gansert in ____?

On a power line, over a cracked sidewalk, in a poor part of town, perched a pigeon. The pigeon was colored nearly all white with only a black stripe around its slender neck. The pigeon cooed softly as the man, lying on top of an olive-drab US-issued military-style duffle bag, slept along the edge of a concrete wall in a corner on the cracked sidewalk. 

The pigeon recognized the man as the same man who threw bits of bread onto the cracked sidewalk. He cooed to the man on the sidewalk, though the man didn’t understand what the bird said to him. “Wake up, my friend. Wake up and clear your eyes,” he cooed. “Clear them and see the rising sun on this beautiful morning.” 

The man growled and mumbled under his breath at the insistent bird. Finally, he opened his eyes and rose up to his feet as the chorus of other birds sang God’s glory. The man wiped the sleep from his weary eyes, dug through the duffle bag and pulled the remnants of a days-old loaf of bread gotten from behind a bakery, smeared some peanut butter on a few slices, and began to eat his simple breakfast.

The pigeon cooed excitedly upon seeing the bag of stale bread. Then it flew down onto the cracked sidewalk. It cooed again unto the man, “Your generosity is endless, my friend. Will you share the gift of our daily bread?” Seeing the dove-like bird, his nearly constant companion on this sidewalk, he threw the remnants of his meager breakfast at the bird. 

Greedily, the bird swooped in and devoured the rest of the man’s sandwich. Flying back onto a no-parking sign and then again onto the power line, he cooed praises to the man now watching the sun rise on the dirty bleak cracked sidewalk. “Thank you, my friend. God blesses you for your kindness and mercy.”

The man thought of his past as a tear rolled from his unshaven cheek. He felt so alone on the cool morning along that cracked sidewalk. The shame he felt for being on the streets was so overwhelming, now forced to rummage through dumpsters, garbage cans, and pile of rubbish to survive. He thought of a woman he’d loved years ago as his eyes welled with tears. How he so desperately wished he could go back in time to unsay those words spoken in anger so he might not feel so alone this morning.

He sobbed quietly, alone on the cracked sidewalk as the memory of being in love and feeling that love on a Christmas morning with that woman...the curve of her cheek, the light in her eye, and the warmth of her simple kiss. The tears flowed, his chest heaved, and he cried aloud, “God, I’m so sorry.”

The pigeon had seen the man like this before. He didn’t understand why until that very day. Two years ago, as a young pigeon, he came across a beautiful pigeon. She was cream colored with a bright beak and a sweet voice. They instantly fell in love. That year they met, they built a nest amongst a few oak trees that were planted along that cracked sidewalk decades ago. She laid four eggs, and they raised two girls and two boys, all mottled in color. They spent their days feeding the chicks and grooming each other’s feathers.

On a winter’s day a few months ago, the he awoke to a horrible sight. His beloved lie upon the cracked sidewalk under their nest. She succumbed to the cold and fell from the tall oak tree. He cooed loudly, “My God, Lord, why did she have to leave me?” He perched above her lifeless body in the nest they built for three days crying out in anguish until her body was washed away by a storm.

Atop the power line, the pigeon gazed upon the man sitting on his duffle bag in tears. He remembered his own lost love, God’s gift to his simple self. He too felt the sorrow of being alone as he cooed, “My dearest love, how I miss thee. Your sweeting cooing and the gentle peck of your bright beak. I shall never love another, my love, my life, my spouse unto God. I pray for you. I pray for our love everlasting. 

As the day carried on, the man composed himself and went about his day. PIcking up his duffle and moving from his nightly resting place, unbeknownst to him, his friend the white pigeon followed him to the park nearby while the man cleaned up in the park’s restroom. 

The man watched as the pretty women ran by in the right jogging outfits. It pained him to see their beauty. No one ever said hello to him in the years he’d been on the streets. His hair was long and uncut, his face ragged and unshaven, his clothes worn and dirty. Just him and his bag, wandering the streets, avoiding the police, and struggling to feed himself amidst the seemingly endless stream of new faces he’d see on the streets every day. Making friends, after awhile he learned, was futile, as the struggle for survival in the city streets ends up being very solitary.

He wasn’t sure if it was his pride or what that made him so alone on the streets. It was crushing, every day, from place to place, not connecting with anyone--being so alone while being in plain sight of so many. It was frustrating knowing that you are deemed unworthy of love by your place on a cracked sidewalk being stalked by a pigeon for what little you offer.
