S.A.D.
by Renee Pop

I am sad. I have been sad, on and off again, for weeks now.  Part of the reason for this is PAWS: Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome. I have been sober (again) for three months. Post-Acute Withdrawal Syndrome is simply the experiencing of some withdrawal symptoms (restless sleep, sadness, irritability, cravings, etc.) after the actual withdrawal is completed. It’s the restless, irritable, and discontented feeling often accompanied in early recovery. But I also, like many Michiganders, experience Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD), brought on by the shorter, grayer days and the cold, damp weather.

It doesn’t help that this winter is predicted to be as bad as, if not worse than, last winter.  Last winter basically “sucked” for most of us. The possible exceptions to this being those who enjoy winter sports (snowmobilers, skiers, snowboarders and the like). Heating bills were high. Shoveling snow was a daily task, often done multiple times a day. Roads and sidewalks were treacherous.

I am not looking forward to another harsh winter--especially in light of my homelessness. Safe Harbor is a Godsend to those of us experiencing homelessness.  Many of us would die out on the streets were it not for those gracious and giving rotating churches that temporarily house us from early November to mid-April from 6 p.m. to around 7:45 a.m.

Still, we are out “roaming” the streets for 10 hours daily. Monday through Friday, we can stop into Central United Methodist for hot coffee, a hot breakfast, and sign up for a shower between 8:30 and 10:30 a.m. We can hang at Jubilee House on Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. until  2 p.m. and try to sign up for a shower and laundry. There’s a lot of competition if you consider there are between 40–100 homeless people in need of showers and laundry. It gets awfully crowded!

It is cold outside!! Navigating sidewalks is dangerous and the roads even more so. Trying to stay warm and dry is a challenge. Taking care of our feet is just as challenging when you consider that most of us walk everywhere. We are dressed in many layers, just to stay warm, but this too can impede travel.

For myself, I hope to keep busy with my volunteer work and try to find employment--which is additionally challenging when you are homeless (this would constitute a whole other piece). Fortunately, I like to read, so this too helps to pass the time. Being out on the streets is no picnic. It is very different than going from the home, to the car, to work, to the car, to the store, to the car, to home. It is some heavy-duty outdoor time in the snow and ice and blasting wind. No wonder I’m suffering S.A.D.

Renee Rop 10/03/14

