A Beautiful Thing Experienced on the Street
by Tom Carter

	I enjoy the skyline of Charlotte at night. The best view I have ever seen is at “the docks,” an abandoned location right by the train tracks. My favorite place is the Hearst Tower. I keep wanting to tell the security guys there to tell William Randolph that I said, “Hello,” or that the Hearst Tower is a monument to Citizen Kane’s eternal victory over Boss Gettys. 
	It has been observed that the Bank of America tower and the Hearst Tower resemble the king and queen of a chess set, respectively. Perhaps the metaphor could be extended further by saying the View Tower resembles a rook, the Duke Tower a bishop, and the one with the rounded top, a knight. 
	The beauty of Charlotte is in the lights and the architecture--maybe in the power they represent as well. I am no different from the average American in my love of the visceral thrill of power, winning, having something that can do something useful, and accomplishment. I don’t mind so much that they’ve torn down the odd building. They decided to do something differently, and good for them! I guess.
	I love the beauty of feeling like the whole center city is literally my home. Each block is a different room with several being different bedrooms. Wake up to the best and brightest of Charlotte, right? Busy, busy bees, smartly dressed, and, man, I get to be there to perturb people. Where is the beauty in that?
	So, I have seen the beauty in the city of Charlotte’s architecture and many lighted towers--much nicer than Minneapolis, if you ask me. Well, maybe not much nicer; but Minneapolis’ tallest (or close to tallest) building is rather disappointing.
	More of the beauty is in the experiences of true humanity that occurs when things get really desperate. This is tricky for obvious reasons from various angles. Things really don’t get as desperate for me usually because food is reasonably plentiful and the lack of shelter seems to be more a reflection of a pathetic spirit of sloth in light of the fact that there are shelters available - if you are willing to do certain things to get in. The beauty comes in the genuine experiences.
	But I saw beauty the last time I ate at the County Service Center (also known as “the Morgue”), what with all the children milling about and the church doing their quiet evangelical service, but sometimes it’s ugly. Sometimes there is a fight. Sometimes somebody gives you a book. Sometimes I never want to go back. But I would much prefer them to see the Milky Way over and behind the city skyline, if that was somehow possible.


